Okay, I think 1565 has waited long enough for a gate at DFW... 
Hopefully you ll see bad ones as opportunity to get better and not dwell in it... and the good ones as encouragement words! 
- how long does it take to get credit to my AA account? Traveled in Jan &amp; only one leg reported. Asked for credit, no response. 
you need to work harder on the disconnect between your intention and the reality your passengers face 
we have 8 ppl so we need 2 know how many seats are on the next flight. Plz put us on standby for 4 people on the next flight? 
you have my money, you change my flight, and don't answer your phones! Any other suggestions so I can make my commitment?? 
Please bring American Airlines to #BlackBerry10 
leaving over 20 minutes Late Flight. No warnings or communication until we were 15 minutes Late Flight. That's called shitty customer svc 
thank you we got on a different flight to Chicago. 
right on cue with the delays👌 
my flight was Cancelled Flightled, leaving tomorrow morning. Auto rebooked for a Tuesday night flight but need to arrive Monday. 
@TilleyMonsta George, that doesn't look good. Please follow this link to start the refund process: http://t.co/4gr39s91Dl”😂 
thx for nothing on getting us out of the country and back to US. Broken plane? Come on. Get another one. 
Thanks! He is. 
How do I change my flight if the phone system keeps telling me that the representatives are busy? 
you. “@AmericanAir: @jlhalldc Customer Relations will review your concerns and contact you back directly, John.” 
Flight Cancelled Flightled, can't go home until tomorrow. I could use dinner and a play, @AmericanAir! It's my first time in NYC. 
Flight 953 NYC-Buenos Aires has been delay since yesterday at 10PM. Is going to take off at 3.30PM now? Give us answers! 
Flight 236 was great. Fantastic cabin crew. A+ landing. #thankyou #JFK http://t.co/dRW08djHAI 
Call me Chairman, or call me Emerald. After what you did today to me, you can call me a former customer. 
Love the new planes for the JFK-LAX run.  Maybe one day I will be on one where the amenities all function.  #NoCharge #Ever 
just need a place to sleep when I land without accommodations in PLS @AmericanAir! 
I've been on hold for 55 mins about my Cancelled Flighted international flight. Am out of country, so can't leave a call back #. Help? 
I wait 2+ hrs for CS to call me back re why  flt is cxld/protection &amp; they hang up the minute I answer on 1st ring? 
I love your company and your staff is amazing. They just made an uncomfortable situation comfortable 
3078 is overweight so you pull 2 dozen passengers off? Why not luggage? Seriously? 
DMing you now! Big thanks. 
Cancelled Flights my flight, doesn't send an email, text or call. Then puts me on way earlier flight I might miss now. Thanks AA! 
 ugh Dump us in dfw w/no luggage then Cancelled Flight our flight 3 more times. Sat arrival now Tue? 
I need to be at work tomorrow at 8am, therefore that doesn't help.  Direct message faster than calling 800 number? #Backwards 
I used the "call back" feature with an operator regarding my flight, got a call 2 hours Late Flightr and got hung up on. #pleasehelp 
a friend is having flight Cancelled Flightlations out of LAX to CMH on Feb 23. Anyway to help her? 800 number has been no help 
guarantee no retribution? If so, I'd be glad to share. 
I understand the weather issue but you can't expect passengers to wait 24 hours inside airports for whatever reason. Outrageous 
&amp; if that wasn't enough, your staff have been so rude &amp; ignored passengers,don't think that should be accepted whatever reason 
my flight was Cancelled Flightled from Laguardia to Louisville Ky and i am  stuck at the airport. Do you guys compensate for this? 
i need someone to help me out 
Cancelled Flights flights arbitrarily on same itinerary.  Weekend ruined for no good reason! No crew = missed Monday am mtg. 
trying to book a flight on hold- can't get through to a representative on the phone- Advice? 
Has AA Flight 296 from San Antonio to Dallas been Cancelled Flighted? 
my flight out of TYR tomorrow was Cancelled Flighted due to weather. How long until a rebook? 
do you guys have another flight for today that you can book me on from laguardia to louisville ky? 
.....and they waited 5 hours in a stuffy plane until they could get off then 7 more hrs to get their luggage  #AmericanAirlines 
roberts&amp;s=1 @AmericanAir 
@travisamex It's not the weather. It's also gross incompetence. Understaffing. Crew forgetting to load bags. Don't duck truth. 
can you guys help me please? 
@Stone9956 Do you dislike delays when they're caused by YOUR crew forgetting to load bags &amp; lazy pilot wanting duty day to end? 
we've been on hold for hours. 
@ShannonBloom Where's my DM? Where's my voucher? Who's paying my $70 cab and my $50 car back to JFK tomorrow? 
Hey AA - can you help with an itinerary for a plat custy?  Stuck in PVR and phones aren't working 
ahhhh your silence is golden now.  This tops it all.  Anyone get fired? 
 beyond frustrated with no call back from auto hold or whatever you call it. Entered my number at 11:30 CST, still no call 2:26 
what are my chances of making a connection to El Paso (AA504) with DFW from SAT (AA200) delayed 30 minutes? 
thank you for quick responses.   #aa usually has fantastic customer service. That's why I was so shocked when it wasn't there 
I've been trying for 4 hours to get hold of someone. 
if business class if full but 1st class empty, do you guys upgrade EXP members to 1st? 
I’ll play it by ear. I know that you are doing your best. Buy some chewey oatmeal cookies for your customer care folks. 
nice 2 know. I paid 4 a seat. Then you sold my seat. now I bought a 3rd seat. It's a good scam, but a scam all the same. 
no hold times, just disconnections.   There is no excuse for that 
any earlier flights SAP-&gt;Mia &amp; Mia -&gt; New York (lga) on 03.03. I'm currently booked on flights 1504 and 1102. 
Nah, just horrible dining options outside of club. Luckily Manuel in the Admirals can make a Bloody Mary. 
seems like queue times are very high, in Q waiting for an agent 4 almost  an hour.Flight got Cancelled Flightled. http://t.co/sDm2wvR3zr 
30 minutes flight from OKC and then make us wait, 30 minutes cause the gate isn't empty.  #epicfail #poorplanning 
I'm on flight 1027 tomorrow that got Cancelled Flightled. Need to find an alternative to get to Dallas. Please help. 
half hour Late Flight leaving DFW...no attempt at an explanation 
your call center won't let me wait on hold, which I would happily do. Am I seriously supposed to just keep calling? Not great 
I have never on all my trips on any airline ever nat'l or int'l ever experienced anything like this! 
But Eagle is always Late Flight 
don't you guys have an email address? Just put me on the next available flight from ohare 
I DMed you my AA &amp; phone #s &amp; you can't have someone call me? What was the point of your response? You didn't resolve anything! 
You didn't respond to my DM. You tweeted the same canned tweet you're telling everyone else. 
When I left Orlando, I was 2nd in line for standby. I land and I'm 4th. 'Priority members get first available seats'. Awesome. 
I understand weather is not your fault but ur cs reps are atrocious. I am NOT happy nor will I EVR fly w/ u again. 
I really hope it departs. They said is because the catering service wasnt available but we can see it next to plane doing nthin 
I am trying to switch my flight to AA 1359 I am currently on AA 2401 at 6:50am MONDAY morn then AA 2586! Help Me!! 
i was spoken 2 like I'm an idiot and that is not OK!! I don't need to deal w/ that esp after the travel experience I've had 
What's the status at DFW? Ticket agent at gate A9 was very rude and unhelpful. 
i was also told by agents my issues "aren't their prob" K fine. I get it. But have some compassion 4 others dealing w/this!!! 
I can't get ahold of aadvantage reservations.  I need to ticket a reservation that Cancelled Flights soon.  can you help? 
I know.  After an hour I got a live person.  It messes up our arrival and car plans at two airports and is costing us more. 
All flts to JFK Cancelled Flightled Thx to UR agent at SFO Im rebooked on UA. Didn't get name. She was awesome!  #twitterhug #shesaidrun 
@yvonneokaka When do I get my personal response and apology for your crew's having forgotten to load baggage onto my flight? 
Not only was 5418 Late Flight, but we've been boarded and waiting for over 30min. WTF? 
weather is unavoidable. Understaffing is controllable 
hey there me again from yesterday im still on hold 
@brewcrewfan8 Is this real life, AA? Like, 2015 real life? You should be emailing/calling/DMing people you've inconvenienced. 
@ActingOutMgmnt Just make sure they remember to load the bags onto the plane. They Cancelled Flight the flight when they forget... 
Thank you.....you do the same!! 
fix the engine of flight AA3031so I don't spend all night in your airport so I can fly home tomorrow 
@marxsterbcow How is this a real life response to a customer service issue? Seriously. Keep trying to call us. Eh, might work. 
@tennetexan Too bad there's only, like, 3 people on that team, then. Because this is next level unreal. 
please help us get home tomorrow!!!!! 
@CAexhibitions Sorry in, like, a general way? Or sorry that incompetence/understaffing is compounding weather issues? 
and how is this not a mechanical issue? All evidence points to the idea that it’s the ILS at CLL at fault, not the weather. 
@sweetmel If weather is bad, wouldn't your folks try extra hard to communicate...or load bags onto flight 1320...or...anything? 
I hope you like the photo :) http://t.co/p7fSLuxEGW 
&amp; I cheated on u @AmericanAir with @AirTahitiNui &amp; it was a lovely flight. But we'll be back! Lots! 
how realistic is it to make an 80 minute domestic to international transfer at JFK for a non US citizen? 
yes and I would like a refund. 
  You neglected to mention the $200 fee per ticket.  I had a medical reason and still have had to jump thru hoops. 
should reconsider #usairways acquisition. Flight 1843 AA gold flyers insulted by attendant for hanging jacket! 
cover a rental car or refund our ticket? - I'll gladly drive 10 hrs home than be stuck here till Tues! 
You guys did an amazing job today! Know it’s hard; thanks to Kate Appleton for all her hard work reFlight Booking Problems my friends and me! 
tried ringing but told me to try again Late Flightr. I'm supposed to be leaving in an hour... 
please fix your mobile and desktop site to allow Canadians to select a passenger when checking in. Thanks. 
Cool, a canned response. Nah, I think I'll keep tweeting at everyone who mentions AA on Twitter. You could DM me, though. 
I have looked and I was told it was in Guatemala last night. No record of anywhere today. I need my clothing for work tomorrow. 
@russelneiss No, American. This is simple. How about YOU call HER back with the info for her new flight. Basic customer service 
Flight Cancelled Flighted and rebooked but agent made a mistake and booked wrong date! Been trying to get through via phone for hours!! 
I can't even get on the phone with your reservations team. The system automatically disconnects us. 
Trying to find out if flight #340 DFW to HOU is on tonight. Exec platinum desk not calling back and online info not clear. 
missing a full days of work thanks guys 
@ejacqui If you updated the screens, then people would know the Late Flightst info, good or bad. And that wouldn't work because... 
thanks for forcing me to check -in my carry - on luggage. That is exactly why I spent extra money on "travel size" toiletries 
 Mad love http://t.co/4ojrSDWPkK NYC- 
is this how you let your employees treat your loyal customers? #attackingbabymomma #crazinessintherockies 
@_emmaclifford No. At JFK you sort of have to guess things out. It's a small airport, so whatever. 
Help!  I need to speak to a live agent before I lose my online reservation being held. 
more of the insane treatment by your customers 
can you do anything to get #AA953 moving? Been almost 24 hrs and hundreds at jfk upset, tired and want to get to BA. 
ask the 10 people you left behind at Miami airport because you guys could not wait 5 minutes and ... http://t.co/XPM98Igqjn 
can you help me with a reservation? cant get through on the phone 
how does one book a ticket online and put it on hold?  Does that require that I pay for the ticket? 
my flt is at 7a tom. I have now rec'd notification that I'm going out from some other airport 
because of you, I am doing the one thing I tried to avoid. Thank you for sending me to baggage claim. 
I have no transportation to and going to some other city and getting to NY sometime on Wed?! I'm sorry that's not gonna cut 
nah u boofin u dont talk like any humans i know. Respond like u actually have a brain. And again i dont want customer relations 
cut it. Put me on a flt tomorrow. 
thanks for the response. I know it's not your fault... But Im in ORD in T5 and hungry if you want to stop by ✈️✌️ 
bought a ticket on @SouthwestAir. After two days, your "team" couldn't share the data needed to get me to my next meeting. 
....I am on attempt #6 and hour #10 of calling and being put on hold.  Not feeling confident that I will ever get through... 
You neglected to mention the $200 fee per ticket.  I had a medical reason and still have had to jump thru hoops. 
my return flight is scheduled on Wednesday; AA138 I believe.  Thanks for the help! 
been waiting in line for over an hour in San Antonio, barely moved &amp; only two agents. 30 in front of me &amp; at least 40 behind. 
@BDinDallas The personal touch you're known for, AA. Other cool perks: blaming understaffing on weather. And 3 hr hold times. 
yet there are plenty of available AA agents at gates nearby who say they are unable to help customers from our flight. 
i dont believe it, it has been impossible for your agents to get an update from the delivery company since yesterday at 11 am 
I wasn't important this morning when you would not seat my wife and I together or allow me to choose seats at Flight Booking Problems!! 
On flt 1627 from DFW to FAT on 2/23 and it was 86'd. Can you rebook me on the 1359 flight tonight? Can't get through on phone. 
 many have missed connections already b/c of delayed flight which will finally board soon 
@naomi_cooper Are you out of your mind, AA? What is the point of this Twitter acct? Form letters in 140 characters or less? 
are flights from Columbus Ohio to Dallas Texas Cancelled Flighted? 
I've been trying to change frm AA 2401 to LAX at 6:50am MONDAY morning then AA 2586 from LAX to FAT to flight AA 1359?#helpAA 
@cheerUPDATES So you're saying the call center is understaffed? 
but have been yet to receive assistance from one of your agents in securing a new connection. Many will now miss work tomorrow. 
since we are leaving tomorrow to miami can you do one thing right and deliver the bags to the airport? 
hey! Tried calling customer service and was told there's a 2 hour wait. This has been for the past 4 hours. Thanks! You suck! 
Seattle check-in. 1 desk servicing full service line. 2 desks servicing priority. Full srvc wait 30+ minutes. Customer svc fail 
wasn't able to get on hold. Your system kept kicking me to the main menu. 
I was flying from Ft Lauderdale FL to Seattle WA on the 02/28/2015 until the 03/03/2015 and they don't want to honor my flight. 
flight was 2488 out of EWR STOP AT DALLAS THEN TO LA. I need to be in la tonight! 
The point of the pic: If your reps struggle with the merger this much, imagine how it is for the public! http://t.co/hQdB5IRuVg 
flights been Cancelled Flightled, can't get through to the desk and nothing showing online under my reservation - what do I do? 
Greatest Newark Gate Agents ever: David Deane, Norma Sedholm and Luz Calderon just made me feel like a king. #AmericanAirlines 
@TheNateK I submitted a complaint via that link in Dec. &amp; followed up in Jan. NEVER HEARD BACK! #badcustomerservice 
I would like a refund for this flight. They delayed the flight 5 times. I feel like you're making fun of us. 
Also, not the reservations team's fault. Bad top-down decision. I feel bad for the reservations AND social media teams. 
first the pilot, then the catering... 
flight Cancelled Flighted out of LAX for tomorrow due to connection in DFW. Help please? we can go out of orange or burbank 
after all, the plane didn’t land in identical or worse) conditions at GRK according to METARs. 
The bad weather wasn't a surprise! You should have double/triple staff on hand to handle calls. Way to treat your customers. 
now down to only one agent helping a stagnant line of almost 100 customers. Super. 
appreciate update. Have also appreciated our pilots effort to explain to us just now. Accurate, authoritative comms is vital. 
when is next lax JFK flight today 
Can't get thru by phone to use a credit that's about to expire! #frustrated #aa.com 
Nicest people ever flight to Chicago.Thanks David Deane &amp; Norma Sedholm for making me feel comfortable ✈️✈️✈️✈️✈️✈️✈️ 
an hour at baggage carousel and still no luggage?? Nail in the coffin. 
my itinerary was from EWR TO DALLAS to LA. You Cancelled Flightled my flight, you have my money, find a way to get me there from EWR 
Changed flight from BNA to 2/20 ahead of weather. Slammed me with cost diff because "no weather advisory."Really! 
flight was Cancelled Flightled can you guys help? 
@RussellsWriting Russ, please contact Reservations at 800-433-7300 for reFlight Booking Problems options.” Good luck with that! 
you have to run the engine to troubleshoot an issue before boarding the plane!?! How about another plane? #aa2227 #miatoiah 
@GolfWithWoody Don't buy it, Woody. They're making it MUCH worse with understaffing, rudeness, and pre-rookie mistakes 
that's quite an impressive list of fees! 
 hung up on now many times trying to cal 8004337300 crazy 


Fantastic support by the Twitter team. I appreciate it. Thanks again. 
@macario2 but you are Late Flight again!! Again and again! Where are the crew? 
#AmericanAirlines 1 1/2 hr wait for bags. If this is the a taste of the worlds largest airline, heaven help aviation 
Somehow between DFW and MIA I got bumped from 12B all the way to 41G on 2312? What's up with that? 
 2 hours to be answered on a call? 
leave our luggage in the baggage claim without any previous information! That's not the deal!! http://t.co/oTTy5rYMzD 
HELP NEEDED ! #complaint ticketed passenger with no available seats scheduled to leave Late Flightr today 
not sure why I would bother when the agent at the airport didnt help &amp; nobody on phone would. Ticket Cancelled Flightled for no reason. 
I get &amp; can appreciate that. I've just had so many problems in the last year flying with guys... Pretty aggravating. 
thnkx bt dont help now we will need to go WAY out of OUR way to get where we NEED to be for the $ u charge this sux #neveragain 
you think I haven't tried that multiple times?? The "status" of my bag is that it should've been here YESTERDAY. So disgusted. 
I've been booked on the wrong flight! And now PE desk has a wait of more than 2 hours?! 
tried that and can't get through. 
hey guys. DMed you a question about when 500-mile upgrades post after earning. Hope to use tomorrow 
Hi guys checking in US/AA 639 JFK PHX and renewed Admirals Club today. 
@karabuxthomps Yeah, I have a lot of questions, number one: how dare you 
they did tell that our luggage stayed inside the plane ! Look this video http://t.co/YokkHHQcMP 
My flights tomorrow were Cancelled Flighted, can't do anything online, and can't get through on phone. Help? 
@AmericanAir how do you expect to do that? 
Can you upgrade (with cash) to Main Cabin Extra after buying an AAdvantage Mileage Saver (using miles)? Can't seem to do it... 
On hold for 20 mins and then used the call back service only to have an agent call me and put me on hold forever-anyone there? 
I got rebooked on on us airways by you guys but the flight I got won't work. Any help would be appreciated. 
hi, you Cancelled Flightled our flight back to the US and now won't take our call. What are we supposed to do? 
Cancelled Flights my flight, doesn't send an email, text or call. Now I'm stranded in Louisville. 
cannot talk to any agents keep getting hung up on crazy 
hi how are you 
how did my prime, ticketed seat get switched on AA 343?! Not sure what's going on here... 
where do I look for cabin crew vacancies? 
not only did you rebook me on the wrong day, your phone system says it can't handle the volume and hangs up on me!!! 
so how do we get me a person? 
I will thank you. What do I do if I can't get through and my flight on hold Cancelled Flights? 
Flight for tomorrow has already been Cancelled Flightled, what do I do now? 
fcuk you. Shit service. You got no fans. 
That's a complete cop out! U ask what the issues are, then do nothing about it. How are we supposed to sort the situation now? 
there was also not one single person at the counter answering questions for our plane full of confused people. No staff at all. 
1st leg of my flight 2 nyc tomorrow has been Cancelled Flightled. if you make me hold for 2hrs i may miss my only chance back home! 
been rebooked for tomorrow. You failed to put me on DL flight today despite my asking and available seat. DL still available 
we got to 15 minutes AFTER takeoff time before anyone wandered over to address the line of people. 
- yep , they've been good.  Now can you make that 1535 flight to mci wait just a tick....😃 
the reservation system won't even let us leave our phone #. I have no way to fix that you rebooked me on wrong day! 
just downloaded the app for iPhone.  Notice drink coupon but nothing is displayed?  Getting ready to fly... 
aftr 10 hrs bng held hstg at mia bc aa refsd to get med bags. bag fnd aa then refsd to fix tkts they cnceld said $360 to fly 
no one received text alerts, automated calls, anything either. Literally no information as to what was happening. 
really American Airlines , service is Las Vegas is shocking, absolute jokers take your reputation more seriously! 
redirect my flight without telling me, service is abysmal. 
Flight 2954, Dallas to Grand Junction #AmazingFlightCrew 
we're still stucked in the airport. #AADelay #AA919 
Flt Cancelled Flighted, rescheduled to bad time. Tried 800# 3hrs. Website states can't do online=useless website. Help? 
245. I'm about to take off but one of your reps at a different gate was rude when I asked for assistance. Thanks, though. 
two hours Late Flightr and still waiting for a callback. Need to reschedule flight 1027, hopefully to the Late Flightr one tomo not Cancelled Flighted 
two delayed flights today that weren't weather reLate Flightd. Keep up the good work! 
I need to order a special meal and I can't reach AA. Been on hold for over 2 hours 
called executive platinum desk and got a TWO HOUR call back time... 2.5 hrs Late Flightr still no call and still stuck in Chicago 
Always love opening the upgrade email. 
flight 1041 is the first flight. 
Jacquelyn at Charlotte just denied me compensation after #2251 was Cancelled Flighted due to plane malfunction well within your control 
my flight is Cancelled Flightled and we can only call in but you aren't accepting calls? How do I reschedule my flight? 
 flight to dca I need to change asap help can't get through 
@tcunningham10 please call us back to rebook. 7403607771 we can't through!!!!! We need to get to columbus!!!! 
- gold elite loyalty customer..can't count on my hometown preferred airline to do right. #bummed.. 


Seats gvn away. 7 strangers in 2 Chicago. Rented van. Drove to toledo. No help, no offer, no hotel. http://t.co/nxQiJCoJNj 
waiting for a call back....attempt #9 and hour #13...can't put a hold on an online tix, we are within seven day window. 
Rebooked for tomorrow morning. Never been here - not sure what I can see before tomorrow morning! 
 please call us back to rebook!!! 7403607771. We need to get back to Columbus!!!!!! Please help 
pls help. This is seriously beyond ridiculous. 
I have an issue that requires a bit more than a tweet to explain, do y’all have an email? 
is there not an email address I can send my issue to? you guys screwed up and rebooked my flight to the wrong day!  please help 
Worst airline ever. We have been stranded for 24 hours because of your 7 hour delay with flight 104 last night. 
After 3 days NO BAGs amazing the way that you neglect customers 
1491 DEN -&gt; DFW. We don't want to be ticketed on a new flight, just refunded for our Cancelled Flighted flight. 
Yes. Your service in GUC sucks. Your gate agent pushed a passenger and has been rude to everyone since we got here. 
why was my flight from Miami to Dallas Monday  rescheduled to Tuesday? 
your service is horrible. I can't get a straight answer from your ground agents. 
that's not what I asked :)) I'm looking to change a Flight Booking Problems for 03.03. Can you help 
but they refused to unload our luggage so we're stuck in below freezing weather w/o our cold weather clothes. 
understand waiting 2+ hours for callback on the exec plat line but when call dropped the agent could at least try again 
no response to DM or email yet.  customer service? 
AA2416 on time and awesome flight. Great job American! 
Still waiting on bags from flight 1613/2440 yesterday  First Class passenger not happy with your service. 
I did. Should i expect a response in this fiscal year? This calendar year? Never? 
Are you kidding? You don't think I've done that?? I've called dozens of times &amp; it tells me to call back &amp; hangs up. 
flight 2470 tomorrow, have no idea if we've been rescheduled and can't fix online? Have to talk to an agent yet no one answers? 
I want to speak to a human being! !!  This is not an obscene request! 
need assistance. very frustrated I can't reach reservations by phone. trying to book online &amp; get "fare no longer avail" msg 


Late Flight from phoenix, gave ticks away when arrived chicago, held bags hostage chicago, rented van drove to toledo. 5 hr drive. 
Always enjoy my time. Now on the plane to DFW! 
I'm flying with your competitor today, starts with an U and ends with D. I will never make that mistake again. #americanforlife 
please fix your inventory system, Plat upgraded then bumped DOWN after boarding, FA said they made a mistake. AA45 3A➡️8C 😕 
your message was delayed I just responded 
Next Friday, I'll take AA3074 to LGA.Sat morning, US1951+US874.Do I have to take my bags at LGA or I get them to my final dest? 
man we have been sitting in #UA4753 on the tarmac for 30 mins...rescue us please! 
LGA 2 Nashville Cancelled Flightled phone center no help. Fabulous staff at gate D4 helped-2 young men handled crowd well. 
are you kidding me?  No one answering calls on reserv line due to high call volume and not even an option to wait.  Brutal 
I let a crew member know every time this happens.  Which is most of the time. 
RDU Customer Service is awesome. Thanks! Give em all bonuses. 
that's unacceptable. They should allow me to wait on hold, or take my number and call me themselves. 
the best the agent could do is put me on a flight arriving tomorrow afternoon, with a six hour layover. 
 Dear American, when did 2 hour hold times become the industry standard?  Have you heard of additional staffing during weather? 
I have been on hold 3 hours.  2 seconds of it with a rude agent. 
you suck worst airline ever I will never be flying you again I have been stuck here for 13 hours no one is helping #fuckoff 
most horrendous service ever !! On off two planes. Been in Phil for 10 hrs. Now captain can't get flight info to print? #wtf 
@dfwairport  Have been trying to get canx flight resched since noon.  got 2 call backs but call disconnects as soon as I answer 
@travisamex please please American call me so I can rebook ticket . 
we are waiting flight 919 !
We are at JFK for about 24h !! #NewYork #919 #viracopos #AmericanAirlines http://t.co/3FheS0lPMU 
Im trying to call and book a reward ticket on one world partners but your automated system wont let me talk to any1.  Great job 
yes called your UK number on skype…well worth the $.50.  i recommend others do the same. 
Reservation Line won't let me speak to a representative because they are too busy. They literally disconnect you. Why bother? 

No one answers phone, delayed/Cancelled Flightled flights. Rude employees. You only get (I'm sorry, we apologize) blah blah blah. Bad 
I would like to thank the customer service team for their response to my Cancelled Flightled flight but just offering to (cont) 
3231DTW to LAG at 4:45. Flight Cancelled Flightled with no notice. Given a voucher to a dirty hotel, with no food vouchers or apology. 
@NY_NJairports Do you guys teach poor customer service or is it just part of an american dream? 
the ticket is a poor gesture of goodwill (for missed trip) to a top status flyer - I may not next time (AA91 LHR-ORD 2/16) 
rented van drove 250 miles with 6 strangers.  Arrived home 6:00am. No offers of help from AA. http://t.co/BTTGmyN0A0 
I need to change a ticket and my res can't be changed online.  I also can't get a call through due to high volume--can u help? 
first my sister had ZERO food in her cross country flight with no type of warning or voucher 
you have such a confusing web site/complicated ordering process. This is why I typically fly @SouthwestAir. 
there's a direct from Miami w a seat but u rebooked niece Tuesday. Can't get through on phones? #customerservicefail 
second, she sat on the Tarmac for 3 hrs only to be told it would be 30 mins 
third you lost her bag &amp; after 50 mins of being on hold you told her she would "eventually get her bag" completely unacceptable 
she should not only get a refund but also an apology for the deplorable service. 
should be seeing this sunset from St. John usvi not philly!! http://t.co/DnDOepquKz 
I changed my own flight to tonight. Why couldn't AA do that on my behalf instead of a flight tomorrow? Poor effort all around. 
Where are your ticket offices in Boston? Impossible to book by phone or use voucher on website, what a headache! PLEASE HELP! 
TY Can you confirm or deny if AA953 left JFK? I want to figure out if more delays are in store. Internet giving different info. 
u cant spell airline and I trusted you to get me home on time and safe you are the worst #gobankrupt http://t.co/aM9CuieWO4 
No worries they called back 4 hrs Late Flightr while I was asleep and took an additional $200 fee. So by AA standards everything's gr8 
u Cancelled Flightled my flight for tomorrow and tell me to call reservations but then refuse to take my call!!!  #not cool #hateful 
why do #exp members have to wait "over 2 hours" to speak with an operator? Surely this is a mistake? 
served me rubber pasta covered In sauce that tastes like plastic. Do you have any food for human consumption anymore ? 
Cancelled Flightled 2 of my flights for maintenance. Customer service desk is empty... Can I get a hotel at least? http://t.co/ypbkCiRBXu 
I've flown you many years without a complaint. You should start listening to your customers.  You went from first to worst 
@SentieriMelinda Any updates? It shouldn't take hours for assistance. I love @SouthwestAir 
flights have been on time Late Flightly though! 
not sure what this means but son and I will certainly have operational needs for seats during Flt. 1679 next Friday, yet... 
Where are your tickets offices in Boston? Impossible to book by phone or use vouchers on website, what a headache. PLEASE HELP! 
that's if it is ever complete and if i can ever get through customer service #theydontanswer 
this might look good but the pita is inedible. Last year delicious shrimp cocktail. This year garbage http://t.co/Sotl8XQsrp 
has Cancelled Flighted their last 3 flight into SHV tonight &amp; all flights for tomorrow, Feb. 23, out of SHV and multiple flight into SHV. 
Orbitz has only shown "priority" seats since we booked &amp; paid 3 weeks ago. 
250 I'm not sure if I'm rebooked now. In a line at airport trying to work it out. The earlier I can get to SFO the better:( 
as usual my next flight shows on time but it's suppose to leave in 5 minutes and hasn't boarded 
five times at last count 
why would I bother wasting my time calling them when they are gunna do nothing 
Just landed - crew couldn't have been more gracious or accommodating. Although a long delay I appreciate your prompt response! 
complt incompetence on flt 295.Lav delay from a pln that lnded last nite, no internet and poor svc. Not what I expect from u. 
I did. 5 times. With 4 of those being hung up on. The other one it finally sent me to the call back notification. #FixYourStuff 
Flight attendant #YeseniaHernandez provided excellent service among peculiar conditions throughout the day ✈ :-) 
while I'm sensitive to this fact, I don't believe that warrants poor service. A little help &amp; compassion goes a long way. 
i was just severely upset by the rude cs rep. I get she's prob stressed, but I am too! An "aw, let me help" cld mk it btr 
Cancelled Flightled my flight, didn't notify me, and I can only rebook by phone, but can't get through to an agent. Epic. Fail. 
1138 got us to LGA safely. Thanks for taking the time to make the plane safe before flying! 
2293 is the Cancelled Flightled one 
even with calls you haven't been able to help us anyway. #nevergettinghome 
fair enough. But they could have at least told us. Once again it's the lack of communication. Delays happen, just tell me 
yes, and rebooked incorrectly. 
@SeguineJ AA - this is a joke, right? That line isn't even accepting calls right now - they just hang up. 
awesome! Thx 
@dotnetnate Two hour wait for EXPs as I sit on a JFK PHX flight because US computers are down. Any shot at an LAX flight? 
Tired of sitting on a delayed #1702 again and again computer down 
11 out of 11 delayed flights, you suck and getting worse 
can I DM you info? 
is rude a hiring requirement at key west airport shaking my head 
it's always better to find out equipment is INOP on the ground than in the air! #safetyfirst 
sitting in a 2 hour long at least phone queue. Hoping I get things rebooked in time or at least some plastic wings. #tears 
@NY_NJairports AA1224: 45 mins for Priority bags to arrive, now Late Flight for evening plans! Delta 20 min bag guarantee anyone? :( 
You guys are totally losing me. I've been an AA fan for years but telling me reps are busy and hanging up on me is really bad. 
our flight was Cancelled Flightled and rebooked to United. You didn't give them accurate ticket number now we can't check in. #annoyed 
My flt AA375 for 02/23 got cncled and i cant get hold of a CSR so i can get alternate arrangement. Plz help 
delayed.....wow 
am I, @AmericanAir - but thankfully there was a @united lounge next door. Really not impressed by oneworld partnerships :( 
you cxl both my flights to/from DFW to CLL w/o notice then treat me like trash on the phone and offer no compensation? WTH? 
Haha I had a boarding pass for 12B, was boarding the plane and the gate agent told me to go to 41G. I'm here now. No worries. 
flight 1081 from IAD to LAX sat for more than 3hrs because ground crew couldn't drive in snow #badmgmt #AmericanAirlines 
You've now put me on a BA flight - can I get access for 2 for the lounge? Been at ORD for 11.5 hrs now and still have 5 to go. 
a guy try right... 
a phone call or email when you Cancelled Flight a flight would be lovely. 
Thank you! You will see me :) 
the fact that that rule makes it poor customer service. I can Cancelled Flight/change on @SouthwestAir with no penalty or hoops. 
why don't you have driver service to get employees to work in bad weather like hospitals etc #badmgmt #AmericanAirlines 
check your dm pls 
lost my wife's luggage and nobody gives you and answer, all they say is go here or call there. 
one of my luggage didn't made it onto my flight, hope it really gets here tomorrow, as I was told 😓😭 
never fails to disappoint. waiting at jfk an hour after scheduled take off and still no word on departure 
@Dawn_Davis You're very welcome, Dawn. We love taking you flying. Let's do it again!” Again in 1 week! 
while I'm aggravated - shouldn't baggage fees disappear now that gas prices have dropped? 
no one met flight 1081 to LAX to tell passengers where to go or what flights they were rebooked on #badmgmt #AmericanAirlines 
Stuck on a plane at JFK: food was not on the plane now we need to wait crew to push back the plane. Good job, AA! 
Hmm. Looks like you looked at my tweet from last month, not this one. Was able to get U.K. agent to help me, thanks. 
Am on web site requesting refund for Cancelled Flightled flight. It requires numerical document number. Where get it? 
they could be seen if your horrible customer service group would actually update the information! Never fly American again! 
Thank you. Good suggestion. I checked and we were not rebooked. We'll keep checking and looking for other flights 
62 inches !? 
I've called that and they said they can't help me and it's out of their hands. I really feel like an under appreciated customer 
Cancelled Flight previous request. Will accept ticket number for document number 
I can't keep dialing you guys all day. Can I get into the callback queue? 
I've been trying to call to cxl a reservation for tomorrow, due to needing surgery this week - cannot get through? 
MT @AmericanAir: Our call volume is extremely high today. Our apologies. Please continue contacting Reservations for assistance. 
United needs our ticket number since you rebooked us and you gave the incorrect ticket number now we can't check in #help 
@sa_craig no, not helped one bit. actually ended up driving home due to extreme disorganization and lack of communication. 
1416 Cancelled Flightled? Can't get out for two days? No explanation? 
what name and department does it come under? Thanks 
my travel for tomorrow was Cancelled Flightled and then stupidly rebooked for tomorrow! I can't get through to reservations! 
been a very long day in Philly...12:13pm flt to ORD Cancelled Flighted with NO notice, no message, no email.  NOT NICE FOR WE PLATINUMS. 
@sa_craig no gate agent, and only 3 PA updates for 3 hours, hinted at abandonment. horrible experience for all passengers. 
Still sitting in airport as 6:05 flt delayed until 6:55...but still not boarding, what is happening?  No info.... 
Your gate attendants in ABQ are awful as was your service. You should be ashamed. Terrible experience here from start to finish 
...is this how you want to treat your platinum (and two gold) flyers?? 
shoutout to the agent on duty now @ Gate B1 #ABQ / outstanding customer service w delayed FLT 336 http://t.co/OoEJ4d4JoP 
please pray for us that our gear is not lost or stolen due to YOUR incompetent employees. #CNN #ABCNews #MSNBC #Photography 
@dfwairport got rebooked through the AA online app. 
Sitting at the gate on Flight 719 for an hour due to Sabre being down. What backup plan is in place if Sabre cannot be fixed? 
I want the flight I have on hold. I don't want a new flight. 
ReFlight Booking Problems for the following day is unacceptable. DMing you that and our phone number. 
's computer systems are down, can't leave without a flight plan! Any ETA, American air? 
please help my flight appears Cancelled Flight 1503 from ft. Lauderdale to Dallas to LAX. Is there anything leaving from Mia or FLL? ThxU 
Got an email about an itinerary change, but can't seem to get to anyone on phone. New flight time doesn't work for me. Help? 
Just learned my flight is Cancelled Flightled.can't get through by phone and don't see any option for assistance online. Any suggestions? 
I even went to ticket counter and got no help 
yes, I will do just that as soon as I have a moment to gather my thoughts. 
@Delta @JetBlue I am going to be stuck in Florida for 3 days because @SpiritAirlines wouldn't hold my connecting flight to LGA 
@dfwairport listening to all the flights taking off over my house and kicking myself for Flight Booking Problems an AM flight tomorrow. Iceday? 
why does your RTW planner (spec. Circle Pacific) not let me even plan the demo routes from your website? 
my flight has been delayed &amp; I can't talk reach anyone in customer service because of high call volume. 
I'm great thanks keep up the good work 
it wasn't ' disrupted' it was Cancelled Flightled. Airport agents were horrendous. Sharon was your saviour 
@Delta @JetBlue can you help? @SpiritAirlines is in the wrong, stuck in Florida 3days. They need to learn from real airlines. 
Now your site is not working! WTF 
pretty impressed with the in flight entertainment. Full touch, usable, smooth, good selection. 
Considering it was purchased on the 21st and I attempted to use it again on the 21st I believe it would fit these parameters. 
… Been trying to book a whole new flight since 2 hours!! what is wrong with your website? 
flight 3056 in D/FW now delayed 2 hours waiting sitting in plane for baggage to be loaded - why? 
message and pics sent... 
many trips coming up!  I will see you soon 😃 
flight 1019 I need 2 b on the first flight out frm MIA 2 TPA. I'm extremely irritated. I've been at this airport for 5.5 hrs. 
I've got a BA flight as your airport couldn't accommodate us. We were left without any info. No vouchers for food,nothing. 
arrived in lax from ord flight AA1657 NO LUGGAGE 
today's wait was a violation of #dot #passengerbillofrights http://t.co/GxvFumn3iZ 
- AA1344 Cancelled Flighted on 2.23 - rebooked on us air 623/544 on 2.24. Has to be a nonstop on 2.24 for us (2)? 
Do you happen to know if that plane will be repainted, or fly "off into the sunset?" 
Stuck on the plane in Charlotte.  Going to miss my connection.  No words from staff. Maybe some damn pretzels? 
is flight 2934 dfw to gsp going to be Cancelled Flightled tomorrow? 
AA 1657 was also over an hour Late Flight to depart Ohare and now we have no luggage. Not happy standing in a long line at baggage svc 
long wait? I literally went shopping at 3 different centers, had lunch and prepared dinner. surprise, it's winter! staff better 
AA agent said I repeated myself when I was explaining. I told him "I understand English." His reply?"Our conversation is over." 
why a different airport! I have no way of getting to a different airport. 
there is a full flight of customers sitting on the plane waiting for baggage to be loaded on AA 356 in DFW - why? 2 hour delay 
we did for the last 8 hours.  Your customer service is horrendous.  I should have flown Delta 
Cancelled Flighted our flight and now are still delayed...NOT COOL. 
not to mention its a three hour wait to get an agent on the phone. 
delayed for two hours at ORD--&gt;CDG the one time I need to be there to catch a train... 😒 
flight from JFK to EGE was cxld after on runway for an hour. Flight moved to 7am but they won't give luggage back. Nice. 
yes. We spent the whole day talking to agents and someone finally offered to let him stay in a hotel 
Flight's Cancelled Flightled. Website says to call phone number.Phone says to check online.  How am I supposed to get some help? 
Trip cut 7 hrs short due to flight change/massive layovers/ no peanuts or crackers/ asked for H2O and received about 2oz. 
I have been trying to get through to someone about my Cancelled Flightled flight tomorrow for over 4 hours. 
Kid upset, my staff upset (one accused of stealing fruit!!!!!) mistreatment due to airline policy of an Austic child. 
absolutely worse cust. Svc ever experienced in 25 yrs of flying.  Supvrs at iah extremely rude. #poorservice #travel 
- very upset with my hometown airline. Stuck in Den Flt Cancelled Flightled. Others here with me got new Flt info 
plane breaks, unloads the passengers, told to re enter to only come back off. Flight Cancelled Flightled, missed wedding. #badbusiness 
ok so why is it Late Flight? And for that matter why was my flight 4491 Cancelled Flighted this morning? I've been in YYZ since 5 AM. 
- don't understand why I have zero Flt info- no email- 2 he wait time on ph lines- so much for Advan Mem :( 
24 hours on the AirPort 
we're still here guys - you are the worst 
ive literally been holding for more than 2 HOURS now. i was told 2hrs. You all are sabotaging any chance i have of getting home 
It just hangs up and your agents on the ground are useless. How don't I have a seat on a first class ticket booked weeks ago? 
 You can't get us to Cincy but our luggage will still go there tonight? Stranded us in Dallas for 2 days w/o clothes? #Yousuck 
sucks!! Teco teco #reclameaqui #TripAdvisor http://t.co/auGJsCmoLu 
your maint delay left us stuck in den!! Flight 1080.  Been on plane for 7 hrs.  Stop flying broke french planes! 
any idea what's up with flight AA3181? 
- Can you please give me a travel agent support phone number? I cant find it on your website. Thanks. 
ok, thanks you! Have a great night AA team! 
Hey, so... I think I left my wallet on you. Can I have it back, please? 
Here you go https://t.co/oM1vIEg74a 
pleaseeee find my suitcase. I want deoderant and a clean shirt for work tomorrow :( 
@bershawnjackson big UPS to Newark airport staff &amp;&amp; D.Dean. I was also treated lovely while I was in town. ❤❤ 
What's the best way to check on any delays or Cancelled Flightlations for my flight out of DFW on Tuesday? 
well its been over 4 hours now and still no one has picked up   try paying overtime and bring in more people 
why does your customer service line say "we are experiencing high call volume" and then spontaneously hangup on the person? 
At what e-mail adress can I send your CEO Mr. Doug Parker a letter that he hopefully reads? 
flight 3056 DFW still has all passengers sitting on the plane waiting for luggage to be loaded 
here we go again #aa106 "Plane not ready". Are we going to find the crew run out of time again like last night #shortstaffed 
I am honestly in shock how this process and service compares to my other airline experiences. Not really sure what to say... 
Flight  AA1691 LAX to LAS closes too early and gate agents give us hassles #PatheticCX 
lets me get in line for call back in over 2 hours. I'll just hope the 1 ticket left on the flight I want is still there Late Flightr. 
help us here !!! We are stuck here @jfk for more than 24hours! !we need to go home #flight919 #saveus 
are you expecting flights out of DFW to be Cancelled Flightled tomorrow AM and afternoon? 
you put a sour taste on this customer’s vacation. it was joke watching those “we care thanks for choosing us” videos 
Hi ho, hi ho. It's off to work I go. #WeeklyCommuteOnAA http://t.co/JQHg4jTm4w 
rude gate agent by AA363 ORD-LGA just now. Seems to have a temper. Made me check in a bag that fit INSIDE the sizer. 
I've been on hold for about 3 and a half hours now. Thanks for Cancelled Flighting my flight and not notifying me. 
AA I need a Hail Mary. How do I get from Dallas to Joplin JLN in the next 14 hours. Willing to fly to other airports and drive 
I'm on 1024 into Dallas. Do I have any chance of catching 2238 to Boston? Do I need to run from Gate D6 to A15?. 
My baggage is lost, my flight Cancelled Flightled and i get no accommodations? Not even to another airline. At least one free hotel? 
understand the weather but would be nice to hear an apology on the phone when you moved my flight to an inconvenient day 
yep, they moved me to 16A as they showed me flying "standby" 
trying to check in for flight. On line not working &amp; agents too busy to take my call. 
pathetic to have your gate agents lie to my face when you are at fault 
I have been waiting at this airport since 11 am and have to wait until 8:30 tomorrow and cannot get any sort of help! 
of course it wasn't your intention, issue lies in lack of response. she did contact you directly; she sat on hold for 50 mins 
this is ridiculous! You all really have terrible customer service and a lack of urgency. Im convinced. 
ah if only we could get through. We've tried for over 2 hrs. Can we call @united? 
you should be contacting her for a refund - dm me and I will provide phone number 
fight got Cancelled Flighted can u help me rebook a flight?  Call center is too busy to answer calls or even put me on hold #yuck 
agents refuse to help, "too busy" &amp; need to call advantage#. NO ONE willing to help and apparently being exec plat means ZERO 
versus @JetBlue 
in Customer Service?
Who will win!
For Me @AmericanAir is a convenience to a trip to Cali &lt;3 
if this is how you guys work then i will never fly with you guys again. 
my husband and 5 year old son stuck overnight in DC thanks to 7 crew members arguing over who was boarding the flight 
I still am not on a flight. Ive been here allll day and now we're not boarding because we're waiting for catering? 
flight 3056 DFW still has all passengers sitting on the plane waiting for luggage to be loaded - still waiting 
I made my flight but then still had no update emails when I landed, no info ever sent on that or second flight. Losing my biz. 
this is unbelievable and unacceptable. Flight #293. JFK. Everyone at the gate is upset as most of us have been here all day. 
Why does your iPhone app not have any sort of notifications option? 
how hard is it to have catering ready to go? 
all flights Cancelled Flighted tomorrow and that means I'm stranded at the airport for the night... wow. 
tomorrows flight Cancelled Flighted. I understand. Three hour wait for a call back and now 60 minutes on hold. Not cool. 
I have not. There's no option for even getting a call back! 
is that something the crew on the current leg can request of the gate team on the next leg? 
Hi AA friends! My sis's flight AA362 DFW&gt;&gt;MKE was Cancelled Flighted due to weather. Any way you can help here? What are her options? 
really? Not even worthy of a response. This is beginning of a social media alert to the world that AA and @USAirways are useles 
big surprise flight 2330 is delayed. Hopefully not for 6 hours like our flight here.  Thanks again for a sleepless night. 
Same as yesterday's Cancelled Flighted flight. AA104. Your customer support is just awful! 
Hopefully you guys are willing to cover my lovely car rental and living charges...I love being here for two extra days.. 
I cannot believe how long flight 759 PHI  is taking. I know it's US Airways but you own it. I would really like to get home. 
not enough push crews for JFK = 1.5 he delay and counting.... 
I haven't been rebooked. I called and left my number for a callback but haven't heard anything and my flight is tomorrow. :( 
My flight to @dfwairport was Cancelled Flightled. Mess ensued. Please thank the awesome Marcos (Concierge Key @ GRU) for sorting it out! 
I did 50 times and no one was helpful I'm missing work nd school nd the manager REM from mia told me he didn't want to talk us 
yeah that's not helping. Having my bag shipped to the correct city the first time probably would have helped. 
your 1800 kept hanging up on me and made me miss a second flight 
now I have to pay for a hotel a car ride miss classes which I pay 30k for and miss work and you tell me to talk to someone 
I understand flight Cancelled Flightation but not being able to get through to change that flight for 6 hrs is not acceptable. 
you know nothing about customer service and I'll make sure everyone knows it 
I’ve been on the line waiting for 40 minutes again. 
AA 100 - good job overselling this flight. Delayed 90 minutes to deplane the overflow passengers' bags. 
i appreciate your apology. Sincerely. Thank you. That's really all I ever wanted to begin with. 
it was 1265 coming and next catching 2396 home to DCA. Let's get another great leg too tonight! 
Close down 
i have tried getting help from agents, the phone, twitter, and FB. Can no one at American Airlines help me? 
Trying to rebook a flight with you because of Cancelled Flightlation is a nightmare.  I was hung up on once. Can you help me rebook? 
finally about to take off! Thanks for the customer service by the g8 reps @ c17 @ CTL. Any idea what caused the system failure? 
i do not want to stay overnight at this airport! I have been here since 11 am this morning! 
3198 to AEX. Is it still going? 
we need a miracle @slcairport please help flight 1228 get out of here by 640 #FingersCrossed #pleasegod #missmykids 
I tried several times to select seats. The only ones ever available would've cost me $30 extra per seat. 
flight 3056 still sitting at DFW waiting for baggage to be loaded 
unfriendly unhelpful agents. Unannounced gate changes. Delayed flight that we found out about by word of mouth 
yes but we HAVE TO GET HOME TOMORROW!!!! Please 
you wont allow calls? My husband has a ticket but it looks like all the seats are taken? I cant even call. 
I have a Cancelled Flighted flight tomorrow morning and the 800 number did nothing! Please! I just want to go home! 
pls tell me how to get a person on the phone asap 
@JimDayTV no, you couldn't care less. That's why their customer service is run by bots 
719. Looks like we are about to get going, finally! 
we are through. I can quit you. I am. The nonsense &amp; lies are a colossal infringement you can no longer get away with 
OMG ANSWER YOUR PHONE I HAVE BEEN ON HOLD FOR 1.5 hours. Cancelled FlightED FLIGHTS SUCK 
@sarahzou translation: we don't reinvest our mammoth profits into the customer service experience. 'Cause we don't care. 
740pm wheels up to be exact.  I'm sending a DM. 
its pulling away from gate to get your departure time then leaving us on tarmac claiming power issues that magically repaired 
everything's good now brothaaaaaa 
this is awful customer service. 
Yeah, try harder. No catering truck in sight.  Can we just leave now w/o the food won't eat anyway? 
delivered mom's delayed bag to the wrong place. 2 hrs on hold yesterday, &gt;1 hr today. Still no bag. #AA http://t.co/QKkJdFObOS 
24 hrs &amp; 2 cncld flights Late Flightr I've landed in PHL. Now 30 mins &amp; counting on tarmac waiting for gate. Pls do better than this. 
then taxi across dfw airport for 20 min to then state 75 min past departing from gate that we need deiced? Wow. Uncool &amp; untrue 
Nice AA employee making skillful excuses about Late Flightness due to catering snafu... http://t.co/YPVPVdlTYs 
DONE!! thank you so much!! 
@ezemanalyst why don't you tweet canned, impersonal responses as though this is the only impatient customer you've got 
You have the worst customer service of any airlines I've ever encountered. Flat out awful 
#flight293 was supposed to depart at 745 and at 815 we still have not boarded. 
@manuel_c "here for you" as in, yeah, we'll tweet platitudes at you so you'll think our Twitter bot cares? Or.... 
@derekc21 , so what would be a file number that works , needs to be 10 characters , email me derek.austin@century21.ca  easier 
8:30 departure?  Sure. Is there a catering strike at JFK?  @FoxNews @CNBC @BloombergRadio http://t.co/HPgXYZRW8o 
@PatrichRuben no, profit maximization is your top priority. Nothing else even registers for you dinosaurs 
we have 3 more passengers with me   There are two more reservation numbers 
who's your pick for best picture? I don't want to board your airline until I know 
The wine served in USAirways flights are watered down somehow right out of the bottles. 
@cyncyn661 Are you now flying 763s to Madrid from JFK or is this DFW/ORD? Huge !! 
a worker just checked for ice on our plane using his cell phone flashlight! Really?! Come on! 
901 #Miami to #Rio to participate at @RCM_Oficial representing @CisnerosMedia #yourstoryhere 
AA919 flight attendant freaks out and leaves aircraft as passengers react to a 24h delay and cattle treatment. Surreal! 
Both pictures taken at the same time but which is right? #totallyconfused http://t.co/dvSLtQZKmQ 
rudeness and poor customers service a job requirement at @AmericanAir ? Been waiting 28hrs and still haven't even seen one plane😡 
Great seats on this aircraft! 
@kaps12 this is an international airline that experienced record profits last quarter. But they can't staff a call center 
Yo, could that be a catering truck before mine eyes?  Unmoving? http://t.co/ASW6QwUf1Z 
@cjdjpdx not a valid response in 2015 for a multinational corp whose profits are measured in billions. Stop understaffing! 
, sitting on plane for 2.5hrs at gate due to computer sys issue, at what point do you Cancelled Flight a flight?, ridiculous @PHLAirport 
@superyan I did hear a last call for boarding of this flight when I was at JFK a few hours ago. good luck w/flights! 
@jameswester see, James, we only have 7 dedicated inbound phone lines because telephones eat into our billions in profits 
Been trying to call all day, get hung up on every time. Your guys are horrible! 
@kconti44 This looks like JFK - had a great pic of the OneWorld jets lined up on the opposite side #Air Berlin, LAN and AA. 
no worries even though I was talking about seat assignment :) 
well done, you have taken the fun out of air travel @PHLAirport 
thanks for the show! 👍 
@HeyMyNameIsSEAN Sean if you look at the AA schedule it sometimes gives you a clue if new'airplanes are used. They are gr8 
spoke too soon. 30 min Late Flightr still waiting for bags to load. Some sympathy would be appreciated at the very least. 
that's ok, thanks for letting me know. Appreciate all the responses. 
thanks. Now my carry on that you guys insisted be checked at the gate is missing. Won't be here till Late Flight tomorrow morning. 
been waiting on hold for more than an hour 
I ended up on a flight to LA my fourth time on standby. Thanks! http://t.co/NA5G5EAKPA 
Can you help with my Cancelled Flightled flight -- I'd like to book another flight...I've been on hold for 95 minutes and counting.... 
Yes, it says my reservation cannot be retrieved at this time. Also I never got an email from AA saying my flight was Cancelled Flightled. 
at JFK flight to Boston delayed 20 min waiting for catering they are boarding flight to LAX waiting for over and hour WTF? 
@jaynegelman How,about more@Blacklist too!! 
"overweight" flight = you sold more tickets than you had seats. We all know that. Let's call it what it is. 
it wasn't really about the delay. It was more about being told the engine needed to be troubleshot.  Makes a person paranoid. 
I can't choose a seat online because I booked on @priceline ??? #SMH 
thanks to FA Shawn for spectacular service on FLT 79 LHRDFW and to FA Susan for such a warm engaging onboard welcome 
my flight I have reserved for tomorrow has been Cancelled Flightled. Can I Cancelled Flight my reservation and get a full refund? 
how can you not be taking calls? I need to change my flight! 
 flight from DFW to LIT tomorrow has been Cancelled Flightled.  What do I do next?  Pls advise.  #HELP 
I need help with a reservation purchased on @AmericanAir but operated on @USAirways, can't get through on the 800# 
@praywinn between understaffing, what looks like a labor slowdown, weather, incompetence, and disregard for the customer... 
whenever I cheat on you it goes horribly wrong! I promise, I won't stray anymore. I'm talking about you @Delta! 
yes, for tomorrow at 9 am. But I have to work though 😒 I'm really mad about the situation 
you changed my AAdvantage travel plans &amp; I called 800-433-7300 to get help but it sea ur too busy &amp; hangs up on me. What gives? 
already did &amp; an automated voice told us to wait 2 hours. They have yet to call back. 
I need to get from Albuquerque, NM, USA, to Cebu, Philippines. I'm providing educational help for 800 kids. Can you help me? 
VERY upset that I cannot select seats for Tuesday flight online or over the phone. Terrible customer service :( Please help! 
Why can't you handle your customers needs? Cancelled Flightled flight, 800 number leads to a quick "Goodbye" Very Sad! 
also the problem is not calling us at all. Other airlines send an automatic call and email, and they rebook as a courtesy. 
anxious to see how you all care for customers you’ve inconvenienced #Cancelled Flightledflight 
Educate Bohol is a 501(c)(3) w/all volunteer staff. I can help the kids or buy a plane ticket--I can't do both. Can you help? 
My wife &amp; infant daughter are on AA3195 ABI-DFW. En route but delayed. Can y’all hold AA1458 to RDU so they can connect? 
my #Navy sisters flight 2470 cancld. She can't get an agent. They've called her back to be put on hold &amp; then discnct.Any help? 
looks like I have. Best I can hope for I guess. It's on us air, so I don't think I'll get miles on Alaska. Which sucks. 
never got an update and we had the worst communication from u. Our flight delay was mechanical and not a word. #poorservice 
the bags arent even loaded on the plane??? #Flight293 
the food served on AA2402 was vile and gross.The entire cabin did not eat their meal. Survey the flight crew. Another gross out 
Plz bring more agents up to DFW AA Cstmr srvc ctr gates A, there are only 2 agents and 100+ ppl... http://t.co/uCvEU2hurZ 
I spent $600 on my flight. Could have gone on @united for $382 but their mileage program sucks. 
how have you not loaded our luggage on the plane and were OVER an hour delayed? #Flight293 
AA 2258 why have you Cancelled Flightled our flight without courtesy of notifying us or alternatives?  Very poor. 
makes some small improvements and retains their program they win all. They keep the crappy food and change advantage they lose 
checking into a flight on your website is about as easy as asking a bear to shit in a toilet #justsaying 
- We have; they were useless. Baggage service called before 9 to tell us we would have bags by 3. Now, maybe midnight. 
approaching three hours sitting in the plane on the ground at DFW on #AmericanAirlines flight 3056 - Oscar performance 
Flight 1512 (N924AN) departs @FlyTPA enroute to @dfwairport http://t.co/j0mhMkDiVl 
just when I thought you guys were done messing up, you make it worse. Your airline ruins hopes and dreams. 
 To add, I have to get up to go to work tomorrow am.  I don't like having to wait up until 12 or Late Flightr.  CS sucks. 
@carlw1980 I have followed and dm'd you. . . Please respond to my concern too. Really disappointed with customer service. 
seriously, pls pls bring more people up to help us! There are still flights to ORD frm DFW and I want in http://t.co/o3CjsVSsqF 
@CineDrones I just wish that a team member would pick up the phone at this point, let alone be courteous or helpful 😳 
flight attendants on AA2402 were spectacular.Fed the ENTIRE cabin then food from coach. Why do you keep serving this vile food 
Awesome customer service on #390 from rdu. They snuck my wife a warm cookie. Thx! 
on hold for 3 hours...got an agent, immediately txfd me to change cncdld flight...told it would be 1 min, 80 min Late Flightr, waiting 
so we have a Cancelled Flightled flight in about twelve hours. Maybe we'll have heard from an AA rep at that point. 
@DAI_President Good luck at DFW this evening AA! 
why is it most first class passengers now request the sand which from coach ? 
I just DMed you 
the worst air experience I have ever had and I am not in the first plane yet. 
all of these issues are not based on weather or things that are out of your control. These  issues are based on negligence. 
American Airlines. 
it shouldn't happen but did and has put us and our gear in jeopardy. What steps do you take to protect customers if their items 
you Cancelled Flightled my wife's flight and she has to call but your service won't even let us. Going on 7 hours now. 
I've never witnessed such covert tactics from an airline. 
is profiting in the billions and throwing crap at the people who put them there. American is a hurting brand 
I really want to get home. Tonight, preferably. Please stop delaying my plane 😢😕😦 #AmericanAirlines 
DM sent. Answer me please 
Please help AA 2258 Monday Cancelled Flightled.  Can you advise on reFlight Booking Problems / refund.  Have children and need to make plans now 
I didn't miss my flight.  American Airlines gave my ticket, as well as 6 other passengers tickets away. Not my fault. 
absolute terrible service to schedule a 40 minute layover and then not let someone on the plane with the door not closed. 
what do kids aged 11 and 12 need to fly with AA internally within the usa. Thanks for confirming 
@MO3TVida just so you know, reservations team has a 2+ hr callback time 
usually raving about the service to LAX. Your nbr1 and helper can't figure out how to hang a coat and serve a drink. 6F 
that's the number I called -it wouldn't let me speak to an agent because of the issues with weather today 
FYI twice now I've tried the "we'll call you when someone is free" thing. Both times it called, I picked up, then it hung up. 
aa223 being ignored 
you for sending more details  @AmericanAir: They're pretty handy dandy. more info here: http://t.co/FvlxIRh1F1 #LookforwardtoflywithAA 
Thanks for the reply, but a functioning plane four hours ago was the only way to do that. The staff was friendly, tho. 
Unfortunately that is not true. A robot apologizes and hangs up. So how do I get help? 
@derekc21 , to my surprise  BA doesn't  have  me registered in the system , I was getting hopeful :(, Lets step it up , Okay ? 
you set a schedule try and keep it !!! #AAALWAYSLate Flight 
what happened?? We didn't get a notification about a departure Cancelled Flightation tomorrow. Why will it take 2 hrs to talk to someone 
 800 number will not even let you wait for next customer rep. Very frustrating. Can't talk to humans. 
So plot thickens. We're on plane but no ground crew to get us off gate. Apparently under the weather in large numbers.... 
I'm booked for Tuesday night. 60 degrees in Alabama right now. I'm good. Stay warm and safe. 
none of your sample itineraries can actually be booked http://t.co/mF7rABGn8a Every last leg back to US says invalid 
you have the poorest trained employees at these desks. I haven't even started to discuss the #lostluggage yet 
I am trying to add my tsa pre check number to my reservation online and don't see an option to do that..?? #nosecuritylines 
no other (what should be valid) Circle Pacific itineraries can be booked either - always makes all US dest. invalid 4 last leg 
I'm on #1058 tmrw from CUN DFW. Final dest'n is ORD. Seeing freezing rain in DFW all morning. Should I change my connection? 
I was on flt 2222 tomorrow, they moved me to 750. I need it moved to Tuesday. the roads won't be better for flight 750. thanks 
It's not your agents; it's your voice activated system that's not working right. And no email on Cancelled Flightlation. Lots of problems 
won't answer the reservation line!  Nice service.  We may be stuck... 
was told at 7pm my bags would 1000% be at my house by 9pm. Well they're not and I continue to be lied to. 
In car gng to DFW. Pulled over 1hr ago - very icy roads. On-hold with AA since 1hr. Can't reach arpt for AA2450. Wat 2 do? 
And gold status too. 
I know you are getting pummeled tonight @dfwairport we were one of the lucky out of @slcairport just one more @AUStinAirport 
gotta be worse than @delta w/ on time departures.  I rushed back to terminal C for 8:25 flight but they haven't strtd boarding. 
seriously, you hate @AmericanAir since they can't accommodate you due to inclemental  weather disruptions? lol, very funny 
 A true #AmericanView ...The National Mall http://t.co/N7ExdbcRHg 
I tried that. They won't book us with another airline. I wish I had flown with you! We are now stuck in FL til Weds. 
You should be more timely with bags that missed a flight, people need their undies the next morning! 
thanks. Bummer. Poor planning on my part. I assume the card in Passbook won't work either? 
"We'll drop off your luggage 24 hours after your flight" is ridiculous. 
hats off to Admiral Lounge attendant @ YYZ Terminal 3 who gave her banana to our toddler when none avail elsewhere. 
my flight from VCP to JFK was delayed and now it has been Cancelled Flighted, what should i do? 
My friend needs some help on her flt (she's not on Twiiter), can I DM you her info? 
its Adolfo Garcia 
dropping the ball. Again. No catering. Plane switch. No gate attendant. 2 hours Late Flight. Really nice. 
know that I could use that for a flight into Canada.  By they time they figured it out, it was too Late Flight to check our bags 
-- This is after you Cancelled Flightled our flight into Buffalo because of "weather" and lied to us and said other airlines Cancelled Flightled 
their flights into Buffalo as well -- You were the only flight Cancelled Flightled!!! 
thanks to Marie for reFlight Booking Problems me and my friends!!! I'm Cali bound thanks to this sweet angel! #blessed 
we've been on hold for over 4 hrs, you Cancelled Flighted flt 2222 phl-dfw. Need assistance!!! 
I fortunately was not on that flight - just in the same waiting area / impressed w how he handled the stressful situation 
Shout-out to all the ground crews working in the cold! Thanks for what y'all do. (&amp; social media team for customer service) 
you guys fail again.. all I need to do is use my voucher for a ticket but I can't do it online #yourphonesystemsucks 
is there only one call centre? I know it's busy right now, really need to speak to agent not computer 
- where are my bags? Baggage claim C25 or C26 (flt# 959)?? I can see the plane from here? Why does it take 25 min??? 
we're on AA1401 landed at 8:55pm in Miami, but waiting for a gate. Can someone on your team help us out?! 
Still looking as we speak. 
Hi, I have my name, email, and AAdvantage #, but website won't let me reset password. Can we troubleshoot together? Thanks! 
hi my flight to DFW 2463 was Cancelled Flightled tonight. Called in and left my number for call back it's been 3hrs please help. 
not in any way that I am happy with or find acceptable.   If I could speak to a human maybe that would happen 
my wife's flight is Cancelled Flightled, told to call. No one answers. How do we book a flight? Help us please 
several hrs Late Flight and 140 characters won't do it. Cheers though 
yes. He's in the next flight 
I have tried to talk to someone for almost 6 hrs! you Cancelled Flightled my flight and you won't pick up the phone. pathetic &amp; very sad 
I know you can't control weather but you can control how you treat customers..#shafted 
ya but u weren't sitting on the plane. 
is the situation at JFK this evening is going to get better or worse ? Do not Cancelled Flight a flight like yesterday after 8h delayed 
if you could get the gate crew to help us off FLT 5350 that would be great.... 
oh it can get better apparently. After making us wait for a gate, psych!! Now we need you to de-ice before coming to the gate!! 
Dallas/Fort Worth flight number 5320 
pathetic service 
thank you for the update! 
can you tell me why all flights from XNA 2 DFW are Cancelled Flightled for tomorrow morning already? 
so we've now been driving across DFW for over 90mins. That's half fucking way to Texarkana! #shouldhavedriven 
hey flight 5350 in dfw stuck at gate with no gate agent.  Plane full of people missing connections. 
waiting for you to pick up... Coming up on 3 hours now... http://t.co/nOPq5xIsbS 
on plane for JFK-&gt;SFO, been sitting here for 1.5 hours waiting for push crew, how is this acceptable? 
thanks for the call on my Cancelled Flightled flight, NOT!  Flight Booking Problems me for Tues no good weather caused me 2 leave early 
#americanview New paint scheme looks great! #usairways http://t.co/Gt6umHbh43 
yeah, rebooked for tomorrow morning. But extremely disappointed to miss a wedding. 
1 ticket agent servicing at least 60 people on line. Waiting for an hour and a half and your phones hang up on people. 
@Expedia are killing me. Over 3 hours to get NO human to help me. 
you guys should really improve the service experience with your on site personnel. This has been one of the worst experiences. 
and let FLT 2350 know I'm coming / gate crew have yet to arrive to let us off FLT 5350 #DFW 
no private msg me and will provide details...u really need customer svc training for your staff 
Your logo looks like 3D glasses. 
would have been nice if the agents were at the very least courteous since the delay was AA's fault 
delta rerouted 6 of my bags onto aa977 MIA-CUR. How can I see if they made it onto the flight? 
The delay is nothing but the personnel being so combative up to the point of saying "what's the hury,  the plane is not leaving 
i will be writing a very detailed letter to you all about this experience today. I have never experienced such awful cs ever 
they don't even give an option to hold.. Just say lines are busy Plz try Late Flightr 
we tried. We are headed to a funeral in Cincinnati and your people didn't even tell us we could get on standby. 
we knew it was not going to leave but we had 6 hours waiting... that was the hurry.. 
Thanks - I note some, but not all, flights are Cancelled Flightled - are only some aircraft/runways working out of DFW today/tomorrow? 
just Cancelled Flightled my 7 am flight tomorrow with out informing me at all today, then booked one in 2 days, and no customer service 
You could only get us on a flight 30 minutes before the funeral starts. We're stranded in Dallas w/o luggage for 2 days 
you all should really be ashamed. The entire business class cabin is empty and almost all of first class... 
because you won't get our bags for us because you said they would go on to Cincinnati even though we can't. Who exactly is 
no you're not you're trying to book me PAST when i need 2 arrive but you're still selling seats on the day I'm trying 2 travel 
ok. Pilots are looking for agents  - they jumped out / FLT 5350 #DFW / this is crazy 
it that you say is going to help us? Give me a number to call that isn't a recording w a 2 hour wait time! 
I finally got someone on the phone so no worries! 
Now you've Cancelled Flightled my flight. First a priority ticket bumped and now this. You're losing customers. People are furious. 
after all that weve been through today as a courtesy to not allow a passenger with an oxgen tank sit up there is bad business 
plz kys I have been sitting in this plane for an hour I want to leave 
guys 5350 in dfw  stuck at the gate for half an hour.  Do we pull the slide or what? 
instead of putting the burden on your customers do the right thing and get more gate agents. 
finally made it to chicago - 13 hours Late Flight.  Did get a $12 food voucher for my wait.about $1per/hr. Never again. Good bye. 
 "Jason, you'll end up missing your connection. Please see our DFW agents for assistance.” Nope! Hasn't taken off yet, still! 
You can't even get someone on the phone. Great story for the media. 
no gate agent after 30 minutes to let us off the plane???? WTW / grounds crew is here / hope you're ready to cover my delay 
Any hints to get through to and stay connected with you to rearrange weather reLate Flightd Cancelled Flights? Hours in now w/nothing. 
Need to go frm TPA to MCI tmrw &amp; my connection thru DFW is Cancelled Flightled. Can u connect me thru a diff city? Been on hold for 2 hrs 
I have been trying to speak with an agent the whole day about my Cancelled Flightled flight, what I can do? 
I'm willing to hold for an agent. you aren't being helpful you keep hanging up on me #americanairsucks #hiremorepoeple 
AA45 ... JFK to LAS. 
I understand. I'm feeling cranky. I called AA's bag tracker number and heard "your bag has not been located." 😩 
 having trouble getting rebooked 
37 minutes?????? 
Hey so I'm very disappointed with my time traveling with you! I've had the worst experience and both times the flight delayed! 
my understanding is they were able and did for many other flights but chose not to for this one. 
The pilot told us they would release bags as well as offer hotel vouchers. Neither happened. 
4828 but I just missed it because no one is at the gate to marshall us in so now I have to rent a car &amp; drive 5 hrs. So thanks. 
what is the status of flight 1675 tomorrow 
jal and cathay pacific so no, I can't do it online. 
@USAirways how can you have no food on a 4 hour flight 528 from Columbus to Phoenix? Starving and Pissed off. Can't eat Go Go! 
Supposed to arrive at my destination tonight. American rebooks me for Wednesday? Where am I staying until then? 
I'm getting calls from 1-800-433-7300 but the calls seem to drop instantly. Is there any alternate avenue for resched. support? 
yes and the auto rebook confirmed an outbound that departs after the return flight.  # fire the software programmers 
Great - thank you. 
pretty bad at #DFW no updates two flights behind doors open breeze no America airlines workers http://t.co/6MBK79mdnW 
great flight experience again... SFO-JFK... Dare I say it? A consistent high quality on a legacy airline? Keep it up guys! 
 is the worst airline to ever travel with!!!! The worst!! They're equivalent to DIRT!!!!!! 
Yes, thanks for checking. Very cramped, but got on &amp; made it safely. Flying back tomorrow at 1pm. http://t.co/CSddCCMvbD 
I've been tryin to use my voucher to book a flight the last 2days. Lines are busy. Plse help me?The flight may go up. 
yea no worries. I'm just going home to Denver. Not your fault, weather sucks bad. 
I was worried when my bag went SAN to DCA 24 hours before me. But our reunion was an organized  breeze! http://t.co/uOARyQ98PU 
your gate agents at DFW gate B16 are pathetic tonight.  Terrible communication, stories changing and apathetic 
seriously, I do not want to wait 24 hours for a flight when I have to prepare for a family funeral. 
its not that, it's the rude agent who wouldn't listen to anything I would say and it clearly fit into the sizer 
at some point u need to tell passengers what is going on. At Jfk waiting to get on flight it is a mess. 
she doesn't have Twitter. 
due to gate agents I missed my connecting flight to Mexico City...not a happy customer AA- let's correct this 
why do I have to wait for 2 hours to talk to someone when you changed my flight? 
@DuaneNClark  ever think about being prepared and bringing in more people? Does anyone have any business sense at AA? 
you have let me down. Seriously. #unhappycustomer 
I need to speak to a REAL PERSON. My flight was Cancelled Flightled with no explanation, and I've been on hold for more than 3 hours. 
and it gets better...other passengers rebooked direct on other airlines. #whereisthelove 
#whybeAAFF? 
not yet. I'm next in the terminal a customer service area. 
@SouljaCoy what is AA going to do to fix their utterly embarrassing customer service? You won't even answer the dang phone! 
i hope it takes you 6 hours to get home when it should take 20. my flight was Cancelled Flightled because they "couldn't staff the plane" 
this is pathetic customer service. Why have bag tags, barcodes and computers if your response is, "not yet located"? 
employees are racist!!!!! 
I just checked the app and it said my flight had been moved back a day? No explanations why. No answer on the 800 number. 
wow @AmericanAir still screw n stuff up 
@ti2469 oh shiz i'm only 40 minutes into my wait after the first 3 hour barrier ...unbelievable 
LTALJX, from DCA to OMA this morning. All of the staff that helped me fix my problem were so helpful. #goodthingscome #thanks 
#AmericanView Sweet Home Chicago http://t.co/J6icLV8DTs 
Didn't really need anything. Saw your mentions are often negative. Keep up the good work. #gratitude  🇺🇸✈️ 
why are you still selling tickets when you haven't rebooked people to arrive at their destinations on time? 
Hey AA, a suggestion: Note on your seat maps what seats have electronics box blocking legroom. AA215 http://t.co/hcNN0wXQQr 
My ex-boyfriend picks up my calls more than you do! #Cancelled Flightedflight #nocustomerservice #americanairlines #FAIL 
on top of that my online record was unavailable as well and then couldn't get anyone on the phone. 
and even worse, by the time you responded to my tweets I took two flights over five hours. And that was the quickest response! 
anything you can do? 
one staff on desk. Now been queuing for over an hr. 
I already landed! But, if you still care it was 1891. Thanks for the help though!, do you k ow what caused the failure? 
have been waiting for a call back for over two hours jan to die tomorrow at 6am Cancelled Flightled what are my options? 
better do the right thing and take care of @Cowboycerrone or els you're losing business!!!! 
what are the odds my bag was picked up by someone not me while in another country? Because it says it hasn't been located yet. 
My flight tomorrow from SLC to DFW AA304 Cancelled Flighted. Can you help me get there? 
is the new @SpiritAirlines, and both are worse than taking the @GreyhoundBus #americanairlines #nocustomerservice #fail 
How do I check? Reservation for Joe Watson and Kelsey Jennings. We were on hold for 2 hours. Waiting for call back now. ETA? 
@Cowboycerrone  ratchet airway!. ...... 
Yes, but should be able to get a push notification via the app if I’m logged in and on a trip. Email/text is so 2010 😥. 
Thanks for your canned response that makes it look like you care about your customers. I'm sure all Twitter users fall for it.. 
looking for status of flight 1388 schedule for 5:15 am tomorrow morning, thank you 
found out my flight tomorrow was Cancelled Flightled &amp; got in the queue for a callback 3.5 hours ago…still nothing. Can I get rebooked?? 
line of 100+ people to rebook at MIA now. Virtual hold on rebook line just hangs up during call back. http://t.co/Upaz1eF3Dl 
it's been almost 3 days and it's still frozen. Thanks doll 😘😑 
Group Cancelled Flights close to a thousand #flights Monday http://t.co/v1RADYKEP2 
any luck? 
Yes. However, the seats they assign us that day are never together. I just want to sit with my husband! Why is that impossible? 
how nice it would be if you had helpful flight attendants instead of the rude nasty ones you employ. #WhyAreYouYelling 
I paid extra $ for my seat &amp; the monitor didn't work from on AA111. How about a refund on the seat? Conf #: MDBEEI, McMullen 
Flight 654 Delayed / Flight 409 You sold my seat / flight 0671 strand me in PHX for three hours. Thanks for the memories 😡😤😖😲😩 
You have a lot on your pLate Flight dealing with Cancelled Flightlations and weather tonite. Those are more important. I know you will respond. 
you can't change my flights and not have enough operators to handle calls.... #unacceptable #AmericanAirlines 
flight 1388 tomorrow 5:15 am, status please, thanks 
is AA951 to São Paulo taking off today? Your colleagues won't tell us any thing 
- I am Platinum.  I am flying USAir and they have stranded me in CLT.  Not answering phones. Did not rebook me.  Please help? 
online flight notification is down. 
Nope, I have not been rebooked. 
next time my flight's Cancelled Flightled, I'd appreciate SOME indication (email, text, carrier pigeon). App didn't even warn at check in 
- Appreciate your system is busy but when I call, having your automated system hang up on me is not helpful. 
Thanks. Two hours to go inflight, then hotel.  Hang in there with all the DFW travel delays AA team. 
today, after 6 yrs., no longer my preferred airline. 
Thanks for info on super large passengers- the extra seat Mr. Big needed was the one i was sitting in already #customerservice 
 my fly is 1579  if do you have some news 
ticks me off. 
Any info for Cancelled Flightled flight 1046 tomorrow morning out of DFW? Can't get calls through to speak with anyone. 
wht n 👎 experience w/aa reservations #service Tried to be patient with rep and she just disconnects me aa do u record conv.? 
why don't you take care of @Cowboycerrone flight screw ups 
it's been 2 hrs of wait on the phone a) worst customer services b) trying to know where my suitcase Is and way MORE 😤#ANGRY 
that 2 hr wait became a 4 hr one. And y'all claimed to have sent an email. Yeah, that never happened. #FlyDelta 
done. I hope you can offer something. 
but at least your automated message gives me info about your merger w/ @USAirways. Another airline I know to avoid. 
By "answering as fast as they can", you mean hanging up on every call? 
we made it so no worries... You guys did good tonight and even put @ESPN_CoachMack on my flight #firstclass 
no worries you're swamped I know just dmd back THANK U 
@nlrphoto Those are very beautiful photos!” Thx! Would marketing dept be interested in buying? 
can you take care @Cowboycerrone please.  Thanks 
at the gate when I get off the plane? 
wow that's helpful. 
lost @LeslieWolfson luggage on flight yesterday morning #Miami to #NewYork #LGA no response and no luggage more than 37 hrs ltr 
it looks like a mistake 
flight number #2386 
You should really help @Cowboycerrone out, you are getting a TON of bad publicity right now #WillNeverFlyWithYou 
cost me 1 day of #vacation ($350) and all I got was a rude woman tell me to go to another country and figure out how to get... 
that luggage you forgot...#mia.....he just won an oscar😄💝💝💝 
flights out of Dallas on Tuesday are not going to be Cancelled Flightled correct? 
to my destination. After waiting 2 hours and missing our second flight with them. Our #luggage made the flight though... 
Thank you for the response.  When I book I've tried my AA number and my US Airways number and each time it doesn't pick it up 
ok no worries. Thanks for the straight story. It's appreciated. 
thx for losing my bag. How hard is it to care for a bag w PRIORITY on it?why do u cont to not care for EP's? 
I'm home &amp; only 9hr Late Flight.  No thanks to your service centre - their plan involved 4 flight legs all across NA and 2 full days.. 
@USAirways and the way I have been spoken to by #DFW and #Mia employees is truly disgusting. Save the pain fly with anyone else 
Joanna is wonderful, new flight booked by a very friendly and helpful agent during a very stressful day! Thank You! 
Got my bags this morning! Thanks! 
@USAirways cost me a day of vacation ($350 hotel stay), day of dog boarding, and a day of airport parking. 
by far the best example of the worst company @Cowboycerrone 
@USAirways and our meals are also on us, because this company does not care about their #customers. Truly disgraceful. 
our ft 1261 TUS/DFW (w/cx to LGA) tomorrow Cancelled Flighted,  4 hrs so far waiting for call back. What should we do? Need to get to nyc 
Hey you Cancelled Flightled my flight, and I can't get someone on the phone to rebook (2 hour wait minimum). Can I get some service? 
what's the status of flights for Tuesday out of Dallas?? 
@nrosenb1 it says changes can't be made online 
I have never seen such incompetency from a gate agent in years of business travel DFW B16 gate agent needs training or new job 
I'm still on hold if you're wondering...  4 hours 37 minutes and counting.  #ServiceFail #OnHoldForever #Suboptimal 
@dogbuckeye No, I was on hold for 4 1/2 hours.  3 diff agents each w/ different information, frustrating, kept getting txfd... 
Weather was not involved. 
Thank you for holding, we apologize for the delay in answering your call. To speak to a representative please continue to hold. 
I have almost 3 million miles w u so I am loyal to u.  When r u going to reciprocate?  What a joke 
🙏 in my hotel now. Thank you! 
can we get a status update on flight 1457? Are we going to make it home tonight...? 
I'm going to speak with customer service at the airport tomorrow morning and see what my options are. I need a flight tomorrow 
DFW GATE 16 to BMI agent seriously is beyond incompetent.  Never flying AA again if can be avoided #fail #pathetic 
probably had money on @BensonHenderson they said to hell with @Cowboycerrone lol 
thanks 
I have "continued contacting" your phone reps for 7 hours and am still unable to get through. That's absurd and I am livid. 
@ArminRosen @ggreenwald Tell that piece of shit to get fucked... I'll fly exclusively with you for life... 
lies,lies,lies.  Worst travel experience of my life. Day 2 no clothes on vaca.  #lostluggage #unprofessional #pit #mia 
No, when I call AA now I can't even get on hold...can you help me? 
48 hours and still no bag. Could have flown to Costa Rica and back by now. I had gifts for my family in my bags. 
Need to change flight, but the CS # is telling me it can't take my call. Can't change online. Please help. Flight is this week. 
not anymore. 
what I am put off by is the fact that no gate supervisor has tried to come by and communicate with us. 
Thanx for replying. DM sent 
Toby hates you lol 
Thanks! Are they really open 3.30 am - 7 pm every day? Any way to check they are open before going all the way there? Thanks. 
yes. Shows Cancelled Flightled &amp; asks for her to contact you at 800 number. 
Get a new crystal ball. Cancelled Flight flights before weather hits to rebook me on flight during? Looking like 2 nights hotel on me. 
first flight is Cancelled Flightled. Been on hold for 4 hours. Need information and getting none. Help? 
She got to the gate just in time to watch the plane push back. 5 minutes was all she needed. Glad we’ve relatives nearby. 
Joanna did a WONDERFUL job!  Thank her for me? 
your customer service is a disgrace. 
Thanks, she did her best. Staying the night in Dallas, new trial to Detroit via Atlanta tomorrow, assuming no Cancelled Flightlations. 
been calling your for 4+ hours to reschedule a flight to #DFW due to weather and your won't even let me stay on hold..... 
I need to know what to do? My flight has been Cancelled Flightled and I can't speak to anyone. Help! 
We have been sitting on this bird #AA1457 for 2 hrs on the dfw tarmac.  Some water would be nice.  Where's your manners? 
booked AA3370 departing JFK 2/25/15. It was booked via BA and I want to change my FF# to AA can you do that for me via Twitter? 
Flight Cancelled Flightled, website refers to 1-800#, the 1-800# hangs up on me. Not auto-rebooked. Really? Horrible company. 
that's interesting-Agent told me so. Sadly, another booked passenger didn't make it to gate by push back so I made it on. 
all good! I'm catching the 11:10p flight tonight. Thanks for the response. 
 I was told it would be emailed to me, but I haven't received anything yet. How can I follow-up? 
How is hanging up on customers because of "high volume" customer service? Tried to resolve via DM-still waiting.So bad. #aafail 
I left something on my flight from ORD to SFO earlier today and believe it's on the plane back at ORD now. Please help. 
can I get home before 12 or no? 
you're my early frontrunner for best airline! #oscars2016 
can someone actually either call back or help me figure out how I'm getting home??! 
I've been on hold with international award reservations for almost 2 hours. 800-433-7300 keeps calling me. what is going on? 
gate agent Jan L at Phoenix was at least able to get my younger daughter seated near my wife. Thank you! 
when will tomorrow's flight Cancelled Flightlations at Dfw for AA flights be posted? We are on 2424 at 7am from LAX! 
sounding like they just got bitch-slapped by @juliasinton948 
1) I was on 1610 today to YYZ. I had a bit of a bag issue that was cleared up beautifully. Thank you to all of the check in 
so what are you going to do for me since I can't take the option you gave me. What type of refund will you do for me? 
Understood. Thanks anyway 
it was my friend. She shouldn't have been scheduled so close together at LAX then not reimbursed. It's costing her 12 hrs &amp;$250 
thanks for following up. I think it's fair to refund the ticket price and the two one way rental cars I had to buy. 
please DM me a way to get in touch with someone that can help. I'm platinum AA and considering quitting AA BC of this. 
I was on a flight for tomorrow and my reservation is coming up.  Help me! 
the service received by both of us was rude and well below my expectations of your airline. That is what's most frustrating 
have been waiting over THREE hours to talk to someone to rebook a flight due to weather. does call back service actually work?? 
@Nashinmypants lmao this is so funny 
 you have now lost my luggage for40 hours holding for4 hrs on phone #wtf is this how you treat your loyal passengers?#stranded 
would like to talk to someone, please follow. 
- Whoooo Hooooo just crossed 25,367!!! At my current pace I should reach 152,202 for the year. 
why won't u deliver my luggage? Almost two days and holding on the phone for over 4 hrs. Help! 
I understand the weather issues. I don't understand how I was not notified of the Cancelled Flightlation, and had to realize it so Late Flight. 
flight from PHL to Austin Cancelled Flighted, headed to Houston, delayed, now have to pay to rent a car and drive 3 hrs to Austin 
bag turned up, no thanks to your useless call-centre and useless website 
stuck in airplane both on way out of PHL and again in Houston. All passengers frustrated. Makes me want to avoid airline 
Flight 4606 from MEM to DCA delayed 6 hours! Now holding breath while they keep me trapped 3 hours to de-ice. #scareair 
I am running out of battery you have my chargers,clothes,coat,contact lenses, need to be in mtg tom need help #pathetic service 
will do. I'd think, though, that a literally identical itinerary to your sample itineraries would work - maybe need to update? 
wasn't offered a flight out of PHL until TUESDAY so had to ask to be booked to Houston instead of Austin. 
I've been on hold ANOTHER hour and still nothing. My Cancelled Flighted flight was supposed to be six hours from now. #Stranded 
Finally got a call from AA, but it was an automated voice that hung up on me! I called back &amp; it says it'll be 2 more hours. 
Your agent sent our family on 3 diff planes to dfw that were as Late Flight due to delay as the Cancelled Flighted plane that started this #fail 
 MY FLIGHT #2962 OUT OF CLL @ 0600 WON'T LET ME CHECK IN. PLEASE HELP. #IMPORTANTFLIGHT 
... Do I have to even say anything?  Over 6 hours on hold... No one has ever sucked as much as you. http://t.co/NcrMqIBIWo 
can you please connect these two reservations together and also add a child in a lap. KEVOLT and SOZLDJ march 1. Thanks 
Err 2 hour wait time for the Exec. Plat. line? 
Yes and without my bags. 2 first class tickets to Tahiti would be nice. Just saying 
Also, been on hold for 30 minutes with your "customer service" to find out when my new flight is scheduled bc your site SUCKS 
now we are all stuck on the plane after landing because crew unable to figure it out 
overall lack of attention or foresight when managing flights. 
seriously, there aren't any reps available to take phone calls? Even for platinum? 
this has happens so many times. It's just upsetting to see how poorly an airline treats their customers 
Flight #2390 delayed 14 hours!! No one at #AmericanAirlines counter can tell my husband that he will be on that flight! Help??? 
you called back just to put me on hold. It's midnight. Literally just want to know how I'm getting home and I'm getting no help 
 Did you guys just give up helping people? Your phone tree just hangs up on me and I have a flight tomorrow. Connection pending 
Worst airline. You Cancelled Flight flight, don't let me know, I wait on hold 30 mins, told to enter callback for middle of the night?!! 
- for the past 5.5 hours, call volume is so high that no one can take my call to Cancelled Flight my itinerary? #YoureDoingItWrong 1/2 
To think that I'm a "Priority Member"! Wonder how you treat the plebes. I know which rewards card I'm Cancelled Flightling immediately. 
- Hanging up on customers with no chance for a callback is a failure of customer service. 1:30am EST and no one can answer? 2/2 
do you have the phone number of a supervisor i can speak to regarding my travels today 
Why offer automated call back option when agent is available only to call me &amp; have me sit on hold? At 12:30am. #onholdfordays 
The word failure means: an act or instance of failing or proving unsuccessful; lack of success nonperformance of something due. 
you Cancelled Flightled my flight tomorrow (without telling me) and I want to rebook-please help me book a new flight! What # can I call? 
thanks for your apology but it's a bit Late Flight. Cancelled Flighting a flight more than 24 hrs in advance due to weather is ridiculous. We 
we will not be flying with you or US air again. The changes and Cancelled Flightations leading up to today's big finale is unacceptable. 
235.  We made it to Seattle... 
why arent callings going thru it doesnt have me wait or anything and automated stuff is messed up 
its been weeks&amp;those dickheads @ AA hadn't contacted me...they lost my checked bag &amp; carryon and haven't offer to pay 
make sure u insure your luggage as those assholes @ AA take no fricken responsibility...&amp; don't  believe their lies!!!! 
I am going to keep these tweets coming till AA does something...which I know is nothing..hoping I go way...not likely. 
I'm trying to reach the advantage department to add my number to a recent flight 
my mom’s flight tomorrow Cancelled Flighted w/ no notice. Phone system said callback in 2 hours and it’s been 4. I need to go to bed! 
I'm in MEX.  I need to fly to New York City tomorrow. My new flight on Tuesday is unacceptable. Please help. 
I'm beyond confused here. why would you offer an earlier flight?? when they Cancelled Flightled 2222, I asked for TUES. please fix! 
Thanks for the champagne  AA153 ORD-NRT to celebrate my #TokyoMarathon2015 finish! http://t.co/Ij4xL01tKX 
my flight tomorrow is Cancelled Flighted you guys just keep letting me down 
Can you check on he status of my EXP membership card? Need the physical card to access some international lounges soon. 
I've been on hold for 4 hrs, no call bk either. Family of 4 trying to get from HDN to DFW flight 1418 direct. Need new info plz 
Please REPLY!  How do you mess up my rebook TWICE??? 
I would like to be reimbursed for my shuttle from Denver after #1080 diversion 6+ hours sitting in plane and mech problems 
My connecting flight to DFW was Cancelled Flightled and need to get to IND tomorrow. Any way I can get this sorted out? Been holding 1h08 
@USAirways Add insult to injury you guys "misplaced" my bag. 

Can't believe you have to pay money to be treated this poorly. 
Reebooked for tomorrow in AA 1389 LV-DFW at 810 am arriving 12.50pm; still open this flight? 
has to be the worst airline in the world #yousuck #horrible #Oscars2015 
it doesn't allow me to hold. That's the problem. 
working over time tonight?  Got delayed 2 days .. In SJU .. Could be worse :) 
flight Cancelled Flighted! I'm trying to get to #chicago. What are me and @justynmoro gonna do. #flying#flight#travel 
still no reply to my email sent on 11th February. Even sent an email asking for acknowledgment that's it been recieved, nothing 
please rebook me from Seattle to Columbus Tue 2/24, locator: KARAAX, name: Mitchell M Neuer 
so the one time we upgrade to first class our luggage was open and now missing valuable items that can't be replaced. #upset 
wait times of 2 hours to talk with an exec plt agent, what is going on!!! 
FINALLY called me back... BUT HASN'T SPOKEN TO ME.  Like the worst prank call EVER!! 
just landed - 3hours Late Flight - and now we need to wait TWENTY MORE MINUTES for a gate!  I have patience but none for incompetence. 
highly disappointed in the baggage service with this merge with @USAirways you guys have lost our 1st bag and now missing items 
@robinreda being stuck two days in the airport is not something pretty normal. I am positive you can find a plane to Europe 
@robinreda that can be a stop over before Paris. You are an embarrassment 
still waiting on a dm response..... #sloooowresponses 
yes we did make it home. But by no means am I happy. I've always chosen AA as my 1st choice when flying, I'm rethinking that... 
No it isn't -  sheer incompetence was reigning at DFW today. I was there. On a plane on the GD runway. I doubt you were. 
what sense is it to charge for a bag service when the service isn't great. Losing luggage and now missing items this is bs 
is the 24/7 phone line open? On hold for over 2 hours now. Your check-in agents cannot help at the airport itself. Please help. 
Why did  AA973 return to JFK? Thanks :) 
can you use the aa credit platinum select world mastercard for Alaska flights?  Or just american? 
Hands down the worst airline to travel with. Really really fucking bad. 
20 HS students from Ithaca NY stuck in Miami flts xld u won't rebook to get kids home use carrier alliance #rulesshouldbend 
I certainly hope my LA /PBI on 25 th has a NEW plane . The seats on Feb 11 th flight ( in reverse) God awful 
is terrible, my flights Cancelled Flighted and i've been on hold for the past 4 hours. Never again. 
Yep, was in one of my other camera memory card :D 
speaking 2 languages paid off! as the US line left me over 70 min in hold -without an answer- the latinamerican solved in 20min 
So i was visiting SJU and was returning to Paris and they checked my bag at the gate in SJU, i arrived in paris and nothing,(1) 
my bag is still in Miami and cannot be located?! How do you loose a bag like that? With a tag and everything?? (2) 
my two coats were in that bag so i have been in france with no coat, walking around with a T shirt and one clean pair.(3) 
Flight Cancelled Flighted 2nd time. Can't reach agent to reschedule. Can you call me? 
flight 45 JFK-LAS. First the catering was Late Flight, the. No push back crew. 2hrs delay. 
i've now been in France two days without changing clothes and nothing to keep me warm so please locate my bag and send it to(4) 
me because it might not be so urgent for you but it really is for me. (5) 
I don't want to waste any more of my time on your airline (you've already robbed 21 hours of my day) but I definitely will. 
How best to talk with an agent to reschedule Cancelled Flighted flight? No one answers at AA. Know it's busy, but need help.Thanks 
Got it worked out. Had to postpone my trip and pay extra though. :/ Not easy for a poor graduate student. 
@Cowboycerrone You apologise for HIS frustrations &amp; HIS disappointment but NOT your terrible service? #BlameShiftOverload 
been calling 2 different offices already and still no sign of my baggage. First time on American Air.. (6) 
Hi. I have KOA-LAX-PHL-ORD booked as a 1-way savr awrd. If I called to chnge it to KOA-LAX-PHX-ORD would I have to pay any fees 
More or less - after a night in a party hotel - no sleep and a 5:30 am rebook- on our way back to PHL http://t.co/4G0K0z2rei 
@emeyerson @ggreenwald Don't wait on a bag. Go to Walmart and get what you need for tomorrow morning. 
hey I got a call saying our flight was rescheduled but I can't get through to anyone to see if you're providing a hotel for the 
extra night we have to stay in San Juan now. How can I check on that? 
but really, can you DM me on here to verify if you've booked a hotel for our extra night here? Kinda unsettling to get a call 
at 5 am and have no clue if we have a place to stay or not 
so am I going to be homeless or do I have a place to stay tonight? Can you respond to me here so I can go back to sleep? 
what terminal LHR for aa5/BA1506? Doesn't say in boarding pass 
@British_Airways 2 weeks ago today i arrived in miami and I still don't have my bag, absolute disgrace! 
if you could let me know where I'm staying tonight (if you've booked anything) that would be great. Do I have to go to the 
airport to figure this out or can someone tell me now? Flight is from San Juan to San Diego 
Thank you for the worst experience ever on an airline, from me to you, I hope your embarrassed as an airline. Pathetic 
Can you respond to my DM? 
I was just called abt my flight Cancelled Flightlation- a flight that was Cancelled Flightled at 10:30a Sunday. Two 4:00a calls are not okay. 
love how you can't get an agent on the phone and the automated system hangs up on you 
we have been rebooked due to weather, but need to change our reservation and fly on the 24th, instead of the 23rd. 
that all AA is for USAir Elite members. It's one big disappointment in the way we are treated. #epicfailure 
why wont you find my luggage without blaming everyone else? 
who do I need to talk to to get a full refund on my trip? Your call center offers no assistance. 
are you ignoring me on purpose? It was sad enough having your automated system hang up on me 😭 
waited in the airport for two days to get home, not weather reLate Flightd. Dealt with horrible customer service. Finally switched to 
westjet and your rep won't do anything about my lost luggage- which I never even checked with westjet because it was lost in 
@loganex except if you call now you'll get the same message. Trust me, I've tried. 
LGA already by the time we pulled from the flight. QQBMUG. feel free to look up how many flights we've been "reticketed" on. 
@nickcunningham1 Except now there is no wait time, the phone system just hangs up on you. So continuing to hold won't help. 
been on hold for for over two hours. After waiting 2 hours earlier. Can't get any info on my reservation. How is that ok? 
@USAirways wonderful FC FA on flight 2062 pre dawn!  Nice start to the day! 
thanks. They did not charge anything in the end so all is good. 
No I do not have them yet. Called for baggage status 5 times yesterday. 
I understand you are busy but I have still gotten no answer. I need to get home and you guys have not helped at all 
interested in possibly changing my flight to another day...need to see if there are any fees but your number is busy 
953 our  fligth Somthing to talk  about this? 
Thanks guys, you got it. I'm heading to Milan on Wednesday, so big week with the AA family :) 
yes but you did manage to lose two of our bags. Horrendous airline. 
Your rubbish at Social Media! In the air two hours Late Flight but that's better than being Cancelled Flightled! 
you delayed me for 15 hours in Chicago and still managed to lose my bag! Really not happy 
just want to thank you guys for the 27 hour delay for flight AA106 from JFK due to staff shortage and not weather✈️ 
Flight AAL65 declared state of emergency? Squawking 7700... 
not only did you Cancelled Flight our flight from JFK and delay us by 29 hours, you've now lost 2 of our bags. Worst airline ever. 
your customer service is inferior to that of a nationalized third world nation's airline. Get it together. 
a school trip of 38 including myself had to sleep over in the airport and are all on different standby flights.This is not good 
Please stop changing my flights for Spring Break. This is the 5th time! 
Hi guys, can you tell me what the emergency is for #AA65 diverting to #Heathrow from Zurich-New York? Thanks, John. 
all I want is to know what to do regarding my connecting flights since my 1st is Cancelled Flightled. Could you be of assistance? 
#worstcustservice you should have contingency plans for extra workers during bad weather. 4+ hours hold #ridiculous 
When did they start to sell water @AdmiralsClub ? 
Hello ! I cannot register for my tomorrow flight from Paris to Las Vegas "This feature is currently unavailable" appears ? 
got call saying flight Cancelled Flightled but checked online and it isn't Cancelled Flightled. No where near bad weather. I have job interview 
Hey, what's happening with #AA65 Zurich - JFK? Appears to have squawked 7700 and landed at London Heathrow 
Thanks :-) Good to be back safely. See you again soon! 
is flight 2413 to LA delayed? 
i tried all day. Have been disconnected due to "heavy call volume." 
I've been doing this all night. Can someone please help? I need my flt fixed. Please??? 
Eventually the call got through. Not sure what changed. Thank you a lot though! 
its now 17 days since I contacted customer relations... #surf #fail #BaggageDrama http://t.co/CS1673hrqQ 
can you please help? you've now rebooked me incorrectly after flight was Cancelled Flightled. please fix my flt to Tuesday!! 
- cruel &amp; unusual to Cancelled Flight flight w/o notice &amp; make someone stay on hold for 30min &amp; listen to the same ad in a loop 
Have been trying to reach American Airlines since last evening to Cancelled Flight flights. WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER! What now??? 
POOR EXPERIENCE 2day at ord chkin. 8 emp. w/3 cust. 10 waiting. Asked to speak w/supervisor. Told 20 min. In a mtg!! What?!?! 
got a callback at 1 am, took care of it. thanks. 
, CHECK DM PLEASE! 
thinks it's a good cs to get everyone through the gate for flight 4275 then we wait bc plane not ready http://t.co/rxmjWoo7Qi 
thank you Mr Parker for screwing over chairman preferred when we fly AA. No #firstclass option and treated like crap by staff 
even when I did get through, no one knew anything about my bag. This is ridiculous, I still don't have my bag from Saturday. 
not sure why we are being made to stand in line outside for plane that isn't ready to board when I could be sitting inside 
hi do you have a phone number to ring from uk regarding claim for our Late Flight flight departure claim amount agreed just had no 
you're running 5+ hours behind replying to anyone via Twitter. this is beyond unacceptable. I'm running out of time! 
no date on when revieving our money sent a letter in post and several emails no reply?? very frustrated 
husband &amp; I complain about same flight. He gets voucher, I get nothing. Because he flew biz!? Who do I email about this? 
v nice of you to give me a breakfast voucher for $7 in an airport. That almost got me a whole drink!! 
, I was told my flights 2516 &amp; 2244 was Cancelled Flightled. But I don't seem to have any date/time changes. I've been waiting for a call 
how about a reservation phone system that actually works? You know the 800 number is unreachable? Callbacks are "dead air". 
I Love American Airlines :D 
thank you! 
thanks for reFlight Booking Problems me on a flight and then leaving my luggage in NYC. Unbelievable. 
trying to change my flight and you just hang up on ppl bc call volume is high. That's a joke, right? 
way to ruin a vacation, my brother has called all night and had multiple places in line only to get dead air on call back 
3days and no call,bag or anyone to pick up my call. Held on ph til 130 am and holding again now. Insane,#help 
has no customer service via phone or in person. Just a stone wall with a giant middle finger painted on it. 
spent hour+ trying to check after to use military ID for luggage then messed up boarding pass &amp; forced into line again. 
. Death of a dear friend has me heart broken but #AmericanAirlines has me heated! 
For two days now I have been trying to reach #AmericanAirlines customer service to change my flight. 
I remained on hold for 2 hrs to resolve my flight schedule &amp; your system hung up on me. #unhappycustomer 
file loc:TJYCQH. Bag at airport since last nite.Not "scheduled" to get PU unt aft 8? WHY? U shld b ashamed. I'm disgusted w/u 
@emrey35 But it says your agents are too busy and to try back Late Flightr??? 
All I get is an automated system that hangs up on me. I finally get a message that some will call me back in 2 hours. 
Last thing I want to deal w/ before 8 on a Mon! I've already waited the suggested wait time, so I hope I get a call back ASAP. 
you bet make this screw up right (for once). Things I need in bag for my job and you have "grounded" me today #painandsuffering 
It's been 5 hours and still no call and now we are back to being hung up on by an automated system.  #AmericanAirlines 
how do I see your report team? 
that is absolutely false stmt.  You have a comedy of errors incl no catering etc #GetYourActTogether 
QSVGRU when would the next flight arrive? 
.. UMM hello? 
I miss saying goodbye to my friend cause of your crappy service I swear you will never hear the end of it.#AmericanAirlines 
wow. Flight crew shows up :15 mins before the flight. No catering for AA3390. Nice. Why to treat your customers. 
why is there only one checkpoint open at JFK terminal 8? Ridiculous. 
@Kaha58 Would be nice if you could actually talk to the reserv. team...it just hangs up on you and has been since last night. 
this merger with @USAirways @usairwis a cluster of inefficiency and misinformation.  When is it going to be done? 
@Active_Aly thx. We have already been on the iberia website, and seat reservation is unavailable. Hopefully we can call them. 
trying to talk 2 customer service to add lap child and can't get a hold of anybody. I need help!!!!! 
Karen Riedel is a rock star employee and a miracle worker.  I really appreciated her help this morning! 
thank you...I know it's a busy for you today but any help would be appreciated... 
I am still waiting for that call back. Stranded and no one to talk to 
how can I get you guys to respond to my tweets and DM??? Really sad feeling to be ignored. 
called last night, after 10hrs got call back, can I get a one day pass to admirals club? I'm going to be spending 7hrs in DFW 
trying to get thru to agent since last night b/c AA changed our flight to 2 days from now. Infuriating! We need to get to SEA! 
I'm trying to register since 12:00,don't want to be separated from my brother during the15hours flight!There're few places left 
@mwangbickler We apologize for your frustrations, Michael. Have you been rebooked?” -got call back after 10 hours. Bad. 
is flight 1318 Cancelled Flighted or not? No word from the ground staff. 
stranded in Miami because your automated system keeps hanging up on me for two days. Help ! 
Pathetic answer. Just found out my bag has been sitting at LGA for 20 hours and no call from you to lmk or delivery of bag. BAD 
 @SouthwestAir  — Y'all will like this one. http://t.co/hF8aJZ4ffl 
I understand a bit of a wait, but I called at 6:23 pm and didn't get a call back until just after 11:00 pm, that's not cool 
How is it possible that your call system can refuse callers for over twelve hours? What service options does that leave? 
my flight 129 to dallas and 259 to SFO has been Cancelled Flighted and they can't get me on anything else until tomorrow. You won't put 
me up in a hotel tonight and expect me to now pay even more money. I don't have that money!! I was supposed to get a call back 
 help. Flight to Dallas was Cancelled Flightled this morning from cle. on hold for  3 hours. Need to be booked on next flight out. 
from a service rep but that hasn't happened yet. I'm honestly fed up and sick of this. No notice when my flight got Cancelled Flighted 
@AmericanAir why automated call me and then hang up at 4:45 am!?! And why can't I reschedule Cancelled Flighted flights via web!?! Come on!!! 
If you care, could you have someone call me to explain what is going on. 
no email no phone call no nothing. You've screwed with my flight and my family/Friends flights. You Cancelled Flighted reservations for 
thank you for doing the best you could to get me rebooked. Agent on phone &amp; addtl resolution on DM was very much appreciated. 
Sorry, what equipment? Have the passengers been allowed to return to the plane? 
Not necessary.  I am confident the excellent in-flight staff will make the appropriate report. 
a confirmed flight. I'm so done! Thanks for nothing! 
I called reservation at 1 am and I'm still waiting for someone to call me back 
Is it true, as FAs are saying, that you have no way to collect money from passengers (after door closing) who want a MCE seat? 
is DFW accepting any arrivals or departures today? 
all right, but can you give me an email to write to ? 
wasn't just a delay. Your counter wouldn't take a valid CAC card as a valid ID which is needed for a TSA precheck on pass 
ok, I just received an email with my registration from your team. Thanks a lot 
would also like say kind move on adding the points ! 
Can I get some assistance? Flight Cancelled Flightled (today) from PHX to DFW. Not that I'm hating. But my job is concerned 
I am, called Paris office this morning again, still waiting. It is in Miami but apparently tag was "taken off" 
at least you got a response from @AmericanAir via Twitter. I went 0 for 2 yesterday. 
Understood. Integration takes time, but no excuse for poor customer service 
you have the worst reps at Jacksonville airport. So rude and totally not helpful at all! 
no worries, loved flying with you guys. Thanks! 
stiiiil waiting. Please respond as my flight leaves in 2 1/2 hrs 
trip on @AmericanAir ... Poor customer service 3 trips in a row! @Delta here I come! 
Its the ABC's of PR, let your customers have the most info possible. Might want to go brush up on the basics... 
I filled out that whole form before receiving a poor poor response. Is there no direct email address in reply? 
My flight 1108 was Cancelled Flightled. I need to be rebooked, and I can't do it online and they aren't answering calls. Help! 
 so far all I am getting is "maybe your bag will come today. We don't know." Website says "status unknown"- can you help? 
@MurphyJulie it took them 6 hours to call me back. Then it disconnected twice. 😢 I'll never get back to work 
2days 2plains 2fails 
Stuck in Miami, and one of the worst customer experiences I have ever had. Will be sure to let everyone know about my time w/AA 
haha I did. They said it wasn't their fault somehow? You guys r a joke 
I would purchase it if I was there by choice but you guys Cancelled Flightled my flight and have me stuck at DFW for 7 hours! 
Trying to make an online Flight Booking Problems one way from Barbados -NYC but wont let me as says I need a Barbados CC...why??! 
now you change my gate and don't tell me? What the fuck is wrong with you people. Learn to do your fucken job 
@derekc21 , I leave Jaipur tomorrow , back to Dehli , Only in Delhi  one night .  we need to  use our abilities to make magic . 
Not very helpful if my flight is already Cancelled Flightled! What about reFlight Booking Problems? AA has my email and cell - yet no notifications. 
I love travel with yours planes, all people is very nice, it's amazing! Can you please follow me back? 😋I love the company! 
Why did I have to stand at baggage claim for an hour waiting for a bag that you knew never made it on to the plane? 
cannot provide us alternative flight until 36 hours Late Flightr ruining our trip! #Cancelled Flightled #angry #problems #ruined. 
I can't get an operator after an hour's worth of calls to Cancelled Flight a delayed flight. Automated system doesn't go beyond message. 
Not good enough. No info communicated at any point - just silence. for hours as we sat. Oh, and then seat was broken. #worst 
Will 2396 be Cancelled Flightled tonight? 
Why not sell MCE during post door-close shuffle in same way u sell drinks/snacks? People on my flight self-upgraded w/o paying. 
will you review your systems re notification? The website and telephone systems you have in place are clearly inadequate. 
requested a call back at 1am. My Cancelled Flighted flight through DFW shouldn't take this long to reroute. You're Customer Service lacks 
no apologies required. I made it home safe thanks to you! Kudos to AA! 
do you know if there is wifi on this flight? If so how much is it? Thank you :-) 
Phone just disconnects if you stay on the line. Need to checkout of hotel in 2 hrs &amp; have no place to go. Can't keep calling. 
Your customer service sucks! You rep should not be yelling at a caller regarding the weather in DFW.  Hope you go bankrupt! 
Still waiting news about my bags 48hrs already happened and this company don't give to the passengers any certain information 
Not even on the bag status...will take actions against this company is incredible how irresponsible are with the costumer 
But when becomes about get money from the passengers are very strict but don't have ANY feedback as a reward 
Telling frustrated customers "we are super busy, please call back Late Flightr kthxbai" and then hanging up is not the best practice. 
@C2Next Would be great to get some help too! I've been trying since last night to get through. 
@MallowFairy And how many times, exactly, should we call and leave our number for a call back? Because that hasn't worked. 
is there any way you could put me up in a hotel for the night?? If not I'm having to sleep at the airport again tonight. 
my flight 1106 was Cancelled Flightled and I need to get back to Cleveland. What are my options? 
I called the EP line and 4 hours Late Flightr I was called back.  I sat on hold for over a hour to US Airways and then cut off 
I don't know who that may be. I was also working from home. Thanks for nothing. 
why Cancelled Flight #1605 on 6/25 &amp; 6/28? Flights now 4 hrs longer &amp;  have layovers. Too Late Flight to find a reasonably priced alternative. 
is there anyone online that can help... the flight leaves in 3 hrs 
I put a call back in at 1AM and still nothing at 8AM. You think you might get back to me? 
in miami and the  agents Rachel Wong and Marisol Pimentel were very  pleasant in a world of chaos a BIG .thank u 
my flight was Cancelled Flightled yesterday early afternoon, so why did you call me at 1230am and 230am to wake me up and tell me?! 
Fine. Would you have them call me? I left a message, was told it would be 2 hours for a call. Haven't heard anything yet. 
Or u cud answer my ? here! 140 is plenty. Inflight stealing going on right now &amp; FA won't have the uncomfortable convo w pass. 
thank you! 
But you called me - and hung up. 
I hear #Delta is offering 2,500 miles to frequent flyers if their bags doesn't come out within 20 minutes of landing thoughts? 
Filed a PIR with an agent at Indianapolis airport. Unable to pull up information online on your site. Have DMed details. 
I need to be back home tomorrow and no one is helping me. Please help me rebook for a flight tomorrow! 
I like the call back system. But thought you'd like to know it's not working well. I received three calls but there's no audio. 
I do not need an apology. I need you to fix it in a competent manner. 
I understand that, but I'm not even being put on hold - it says "try again Late Flightr, goodbye". 
thank you so much that helps a lot. 
Thanks. Took care of it. Issue was IVR was unclear and took too long to get a call-back option. Would love to see that fixed. 
it would be awfully nice if you could send an alert when my flight is Cancelled Flighted. No text, no email, no love... 
this is the biggest joke of #customerservice I've ever seen from a  ✈️ brand http://t.co/XHSUUpHeZe 
that would be appreciated. Just please don't send me to the same page with long form &amp; limited characters.
Direct email? 
tisk tisk. Rude flight attendants yet again. I can't hang my suit up because I didn't buy first class? @Delta when will I learn 
@Eleonora7 good luck I've been waiting a week 
I just sent a DM 
#horriblecustomerservice # rudestaff # incompetentmanagers 
ok thank you. What if I can't get a hold of someone to get a new flight? 
 I have still not talked to anyone. You guys should be prepared for these situations. How is this good service? I am so mad!!! 
Thanks that was done, I just don't understand why those whose bags couldn't fit aren't notified in air/at landing #technology 
thanks for responding ... will do! 
does that mean my ktn is not in my reservation? 
I've tried ten times now last night and this morning...how many times should I try? Have meetings to make tonight in ATX. 
Extend rtn flight to bereavement, 22nd I could have change fee dropped, now told no.Worse day of my life #badcustomerservice 
at LAX and your service reps just hand out the 800 number to call. So that's not helpful. 
how comes no one has answered my calls or emails? 
I've witnessed a manager named Denise yell at 2 different customers with my same issue. #rude 
- trying to track down backs for two of my attendees #help 
please message me for assistance - can't get through to anyone. 
it's not about the weather. It's about the fact that I can't get ahold of anyone to help. BUT you can tweet me back. 
thanks to Jacqueline in CLT for cleaning up @amexserve and @USAirways mess!!! Awesome service 
I fail to see how telling a caller that a bag may take "18 hours" to get from JFK to Brooklyn is "the best we can" 
calling at 1am to tell me my flight has been rescheduled 12 hours Late Flightr than it was supposed be to seems like a bad solution 
worst experience ever. @VirginAmerica all the way! 
I need to be back in Cleveland as early as possible tomorrow 
8 hours on the phone yesterday.  Really?  Still doesn't pick up status on US Air flight. 
you Cancelled Flightled my flight due to "weather" when others are flying out just fine.  No compensation, no resolution.  Incompetent. 
it has been almost 4 hours and I have heard nothing yet from your reservations team. What am I supposed to do? 
Thanks, but that results in missing the conference I'm attending. Are there options to book earlier,or if not,receive a refund? 
how do I redeem a travel voucher for a flight if I can't reach a travel agent by phone? My hold expires in 24 hours 
Deplaned for the 3rd fucking time. Fuck you AA. 
It's our honeymoon,I paid extra business. I was sitting next to my bride, you bumped me because of status. Disgusted 
You moved us onto 6.55pm but there is availability on 1.50 and 3.30.   No answer on your phone. Have young children.  HELP! 
No worries. Don't blame you for weather. 
are you anticipating weather-reLate Flightd Cancelled Flightations for afternoon departures out of AUS today? 
at LAX &amp; just got off the phone w/reservations. Every flight that'd get me to BOS before 11 am tmrw is apparently unavailable 😐 
your call system is a fucking joke 
work would be much better with my lesson plans and music for my classes today. 
@hoagy10 how about you stop cutting and pasting apologies and get some additional phone reps to do their jobs 
but you're not sorry enough to compensate for either the extended time or cost difference to an alternate direct flight, right? 
Kudos to ticket agents for #2224 for making passengers check bags that are too big to fit in overhead. 
hahahaha! This is crazy! Well here's to another night at the airport!! 
BRING MY FIANCÉ @meerikangas BACK TO ME! 
how are the runways at DFW? Will you be flying Late Flightr today? Thanks. 
although there was a 6 hour delay every single staff member from the ticket desk to the admirals club in was as sweet as pie 
Will do. Appreciate the replies though. 
keep trying to call to change reservation and you keep hanging up on me 
@Delta @VirginAtlantic I need a vacation from all this ice! http://t.co/45kTsSK18J 
 thanks hoping that by wed I can get back to DFW 
AA2334 Second week in a row delayed, due to mechanical issues. All the sleet outside and yet we're stuck changing a tire 
@andyellwood @delk lol. I was sure I'd wake up to more of a response than this half-thought auto tweet. hope you made it out. 
the one at 11:30am? My app still shows it as on time! 
at gate c11. Your gate agents are turning paying customers away in favor of non revs 
Supervisor M.Robinson just served a lot of attitude, Cancelled Flighted my flight out of spite, then put me back on on #crazybitch 
they sent her a letter and said they would talk to the stewardess about serving drunks drinks how does that help 
on hold again....estimated 2 hr hold 
Cancelled Flighted flights, now I'm rerouted and have over 12 hrs of travel but you will bump paying customers for non revs. #custserv 
good morning, please let me know if I will be able to get those luggage tags.   Tx! 
it's more than technical problems. #frustrated #answerthephone 
Res. on hold and can't get thru to use a credit to pay for it 
@RLDelahunty record l#oaaret got email we couldn't get rescheduled on another flight but don't know if flight is Cancelled Flightled 
it's not a friend it's a legally required chaperone on a school trip. 
#oaaret is our flight Cancelled Flightled? 
Huge thanks for fixing our flights! appreciate the customer service. now if only i could get seats assigned: me next to my wife 
please confirm 2917 from CID-DFW at 11:30 departure will be/is Cancelled Flighted. Don't want to make the hour drive! 
record locator oaaret got email we couldn't be rebooked but got no notification flight was Cancelled Flightled 
@USAirways outbound flight: 2 hour delay b/c air traffic &amp; 2 gate changes dividend miles member gets no email or text updates 
I meant can you use the 50k bonus sign up mileage for Alaska flights or only American? 
The website won't let me view my reservation due to "changes made outside http://t.co/nwF2FkA8fY". I'm on hold now to get help. 
 upon entering plane to 2 @USAirways stewardesses: "can I have some water?" "no we don't do that. please take your seat" 
how can I get travel question answered quickly... Online and calling not helping with this busy day 
I did set up notifications through AA &amp; Us airways. still nothing 
dm me your email address,  I will tell you my ordeal, then you tell me what you think is fair 
@USAirways "but I take meds that make me severely dehydrated" {sigh} 
I've been calling your 1800 # all morning to change my name for an upcoming trip but am not able to get through. Please advise! 
I saw it finally come through on the mobile app. However it's for tomorrow and I have meetings tonight that I'm trying to make. 
 when do you anticipate decisions for Cancelled Flightlations at DFW tomorrow morning? Need to rearrange hotel reservations, etc. ASAP! 
can't get thru to anyone on phone 
there is two hour wait 
@USAirways use the app you say?? http://t.co/WnY9TzsR8N 
you're almost as bad as @united 
Any way that we could look at other options for today? 
Please follow me. 
been trying to speak to agent for 24hrs about my Cancelled Flightled flight but reps always busy. how do I get ahold of you? 
I've been in line for over half hour trying to see a representative, now I might even miss the next flight too, unacceptable 
- So does that mean your other flights going into Buffalo from other locations, you don't care about their safety? 
Could have voided the ticket since it was &gt; 24hrs since Flight Booking Problems. Are you going to waive the fees? Still can't get through. 
can you? 
- And @AirSouthwest  had a flight from Chicago to Buffalo about an hour before our flight -- do they not care about safety? 
I had to pay extra $$ cos that flight was "no longer available" just because it wouldn't accept my US Card for a 1 way into NYC 
yes. Just sayin' that was a particularly poorly handled situation. 
awesome flight this morning on AA3230! Awesome crew and even landed early! 
I sent you a DM, can you please help. 
they @cathaypacific @cathaypacificUS can't even tell me what country they are in 😥😥 
thank you 
=UNAmerican Airlines just lies and poor customer services... 
got off the phone w/ rep now flight has disappeared. Locator IRRLCD she said I was rescheduled. Help please. 
flight US1562 from RIC2DFW was Cancelled Flightled yesterday &amp; I was on hold w/ cust. service from 6-10pm EST...4 hours, no answer... 
now because you couldn't add my ktn, which I asked for numerous times and no one answers the phone, I missed my flight!!#upset 
- answer the phones.  Trying to change a reservation and haven't been able to get a human to pick up in two days. 
I tried that &amp; they have been disrespectful not professional &amp; my 2nd flight been Cancelled Flighted I have to get home for a surgeryHELP 
My boyfriend was supposed to be home Saturday but his flight from DC was Cancelled Flightled yet again. Please get him home! 
how we looking? We going to be able to get out on time? #flight353 
can you tell me why flight 1542 from dfw to phl was Cancelled Flightled for tomorrow? 
is your website down? I haven't been able to check in to my flight all morning. 
trying to get home is beyond complicated. It's should not be this hard. Students are split up and we will not fly AA ever again 
I can't!!!  No one can't get to "hold".  You can't get past the automated reply.  It hangs up on you.  #FRUSTRATED 
You are having phone issues.  Please fix it!!!! 
the app doesn't allow Canadian address. I used the mobile Canadian site and it will not let you select a passenger. 
My reservation is on hold, not me.  Wish I was on hold but that's not possible with the phone issues at #americanair 
finally called! Can't get met Seattle so refund will be processed. Thanks 
check your DM please 
two were non revs, right? 
I understand that. But 14 hours Late Flightr, I still haven't heard a word! How can you plan your week with no zero information! 
Are there any travel advisories for Toronto, ON today? I can't access anything regarding international travel on your website-- 
thank you for NOT Cancelled Flighting all flights and putting my husbands life in danger driving in this weather. #safetyfirst 
yes but not with much help from you guys 
--(pt 2) and the AA reservations phone number has been less than helpful, telling me to change things online when I can't. 
flight delayed 3 times today due to flight officer. 4333 from pit to ord. 5 hour delay to date. #bademployeeproblem? 
I tried to check in, but they redirect me to call in to @USAirways, which I also can't get into contact with 
Thank You! CC: @packermama1 
Please try it yourself - call 1-800-433-7300 and see what happens... then you'll understand.  #allrepresentativesbusy #nooption 
No. I was told I got put on another flight and that I would get an email. Still haven't gotten one yet. 
Cancelled Flighting my flight today because of weather in Dallas without being charged? 
could you guys follow me so I can dm yall please 
ok thank you! 
thanks for the DM rescheduling. Unfortunately your operations process at LAX is chaos &amp; the reps refused to print the ticket 
the saga continues.. 
thank you for responding rather quickly btw 
what response? Is our flight out of Montrose Cancelled Flightled or not? 
Thanks for the response.Tough night for all involved. Our flight got Cancelled Flightled as we started taxiing down the runway. 
4 phone calls, 2 hrs of being sent back &amp; forth between two lines in the terminal and it's the skycap that finds a solution 
as of now, will do my best to never fly w/ #AmericanAirlines ever again. Y'all have made this a day to remember. 
its only 1500 characters, i will respond via formal letter. Trust me, I have plenty to say. 
the most stressful morning and still had to pay to check a bag. LAX is a madhouse with a lot of angry customers. Yikes 
I tried already and I am on the waiting list for a call back #2hourwaitsucks 
please improve business extra flight reservation process. can't book online?  what century are we in? 25 min+ on hold 
@cnnbrk she tried they are not doing anything said they would talk to stewardess about serving drunks drinks how does that help 
why is it from June 1 thru December 31 there are no bus/first milesaaver awards available from cun to nyc? #Explain #whyfly 
what an incredibly arrogant thing to say while I sit here at O'Hare waiting for your incompetent airlines to refuel on a... 
flight from DC to LA, not to mention fix the circuit breaker in our bathrooms because this plane is as old as me... 
has the worst flights and customer service, this is the second time I've been Cancelled Flighted. Gotta pay for hotel and find rides now. 
between your airline and @united I've now spent three extra days traveling (DOMESTIC) and spent hundreds of dollars... 
@united getting us to where we need to be. This is not acceptable. Not to mention, Cancelled Flighting meetings/interviews for my client 
Priority baggage evidently means it comes out last 
@united and a complete lack of faith in your companies. It's really a shame that you think telling me "it's been a challenging" 
@cnnbrk they didn't address the assult or drinks spilled on her  the drunk passenger had to have a wheelchair to get off plane 
@united week is going to make up for anything, or put me at ease.  You should be asking me how you can fix things, how to... 
@united contact me, or do something to alleviate this terrible, terrible service. But no, your 22 year old social media guru 
@united wrote back saying 'it's been a challenging week...that's for sure" - no shit. 
@united You're both equally terrible, and I'm going to fight until I get complete satisfaction for how we were mistreated 
pretty frustrating when you can't even stay on hold to get help after a flight Cancelled Flightation! 
you guys need to educate your employees on what a pink tag is AND STOP LOSING MY GUITAR FOR THE 10 THOUSANDTH TIME! 
gotta love those skycaps, solving problems faster than anyone else in the terminal. And they did it with a smile on their face 
don't see response! 
I dmed 
I was told I had a 20minute wait time after waiting hours. And an hour has gone by. This is ridiculous 
why are there only 2 agents at domestic check in at MIA?! WTF? Huge lines and many people with Cancelled Flightled flights. 
Oh yea? That's it? C'mon buddy! Bring your special friend @united to the conversation - they seem to be doing NOTHING AT ALL 
Howdy, having trouble getting rebooked after flight Cancelled Flightled. Can't get thru via phone and Web erroring out. Can you help? 
fl 249 to DFW is leaving Newark on time but is going to Nashville first.  Will I get stuck in Nashville? 
Thank you, but I'll be Cancelled Flighting my return flight, as I've already rebooked with another airline so I can get home today. 
Lost black wallet at #DallasAirport.I was on flight 2208 to CLE.Would appreciate ur help. Last I used it at @Starbucks on A20. 
confused at the definition of a "preferred seat." I paid extra for one and got a regular seat with no legroom. Unimpressed. 
I need help Cancelled Flighting an upcoming flight made with AAdvantage miles. Record locator HFJKTO. Can someone please assist? 
still no response from AA. great job guys! 
Can you add my KTN to an existing reservation? It's not letting me add it online.... 
your staff at JFK airport are discussing the way we we're left stranded 
@_Lucy_May surely much better to let us all share the feedback unless you have something to hide? 
my flight to San Angelo via Dallas from Orlando Cancelled Flighted help! On hold and disconnect 
SJC-&gt;LAX. After the fourth time, I gave up! 
Why is it ok that no-one can help me with the bag you lost on my honeymoon 3months ago, this is not responsible or professional 
the flight I'm trying to change is in 4 hours and I've been trying to reach an agent for 72 now. THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE. 
I'm still patiently waiting for a response to my complaint email on Fri. What is the normal response time? 
refund 
the customer service today is unsat, Flight cnx, not notified, called for 6 hours and the phone line does not even let me hold 
my brother's flight into DFW was Cancelled Flightled yesterday. Are you flying from ONT to DFW today? 
No, it wouldn't let me complete transaction because it was one way from Barbados to NYC 
this is all i gotta say to y'all &amp; your staff... for real http://t.co/rKPRxTGvfL 
By the time the 2 hrs passed before I got a call back, the ticket was more $$. It wasn't my fault yet I had to pay extra 
I DM'd you. Anything you can do? 
@united just deplaned at O'Hare gate K13. Why don't you send a customer service rep to discuss my situation? God knows... 
So much for Status, EP and 1.5 million miles.  Revenue First class ticket and Im sitting in Coach thanks your rude CS staff 
@united we'll have time and they aren't doing a damn thing. I'm the guy in the winter hat and frowny face 
@USAirways "ma'am if you have a complaint you should visit our customer service desk" {sees line ~45 people deep} 
She could even see that I had tried to make the transaction but wouldn't offer me the price I'd tried to purchase it at. 
flight 353 
those were snacks we left on purpose for your team. :) for being so helpful this morning at the desk and on the phone! 
I can't get through to a customer rep to help me out. This is the only option I have got. 
thanks! a response is better than nothing at all {ahem, @USAirways} 
thx for showing me that your Twitter appreciates me more than your employees. Sure another airline would like my $1300 #nohotel 
One hour to check in is 45 minutes too long. MIA FAIL. 
long mait. Repair wait at gate - Capt Said "paperwork formality"- forced to check bag rudely-returning CC reader doesn't work 
worst airline! You Cancelled Flight our flight and don't even let us know even though we are traveling with children. 
no vouchers 4 Cancelled Flighted flight due 2 weather. Today's issue, broken tire. No vouchers cause tire was broken by weather. #nomoAA 
dmed the name 
delayed flight six hours. Missed international connection= extra night in a hotel and still have to pay for a 15lb surfboardbag 
wish you had a better mobile app.  You should look at the app from @united as it is much more seemless to check in 
Retrain in Customer Service first, make proper adjustments when Cancelled Flightling flights. Own up to your Mistakes. 
No I was not given the choice by the rep Meelan (UK AA Contact Center) to escaLate Flight to a supervisor and had to book with change 
Trying  to Cancelled Flight fligt 2321 O'Hare to Dallas 12:17pm. High call volume no one answer. Online no confirmation. #thankU 
it's always nice coming home but I wish you'd fly LAX-MAD and keep me away from Iberia 😜✈️ #GoingForGreat 
I need HELP!  I'm trying to Cancelled Flight a flight before it takes off but I can't get a hold of ANYONE because all lines are busy. 
poor customer service is just unacceptable.. Also how bout the surfer on the front of your website. #noloveforsurfers #pretend 
How am I supposed to Cancelled Flight it if I can't do it online?  I don't want to lose all the funds on the ticket.  HELP!!! :( 
me too. Despite the chaos, I'm still grateful for a flight home ✈️ 
make that 7hours now 
Also, I have to wait more than 2 hours before I can speak to someone on the phone?  I can't wait 2 hours.  :( 
 that's what I am hoping for 
Ok. We will probably Cancelled Flight our flights then, take a refund, and get home another way. Wednesday won't work for us. 
You didn't call, did you. Try it, and then you'll understand.  It's not possible to reach an agent,I don't know what else to do 
I was flying today to MTY Mex at 9:30am but still appear Cancelled Flight, Where can i talk for another flight? 
why am I not being given a callback option??! Why has this service been turned off? 
it's taken care of already. I've come to expect this level of horrible service from you time and time again 
customer service is terrible.Been waiting 6 weeks for a reply to an email. Not helpful at all and keep brushing off problems! 
I've been trying to call your reservations desk for past 12 hours and can't get through.  This is not what I expected. 
this receipt doesn't show the evoucher value nor does it mention having used an evoucher 
@justynmoro I totally agree.  You get the automatic phone attendent that goes NO WHERE and hangs up.  Lousy service! 
flight home Cancelled Flightled today.  Any way we can get another flight to NYC from Texas? 4 hour wait for a call back from airline 
would it be possible to change my flight on your website? Many thanks 
done. 
Funny you should say that. I have been monitoring since January 1st. No change in availability. #fakeawards #LUVisbetter 
boarded flight 2334 at 8:30am.  Now 11:40.  Still sitting on runway.  Lots o fun 
Thank you. 
is 2513 and 1555 on time or Cancelled Flightled? 
you're not finding it bc @united  rebooked us on your airline when they realized they couldn't get us home - and we're at ORD 
because your plane's toilet wasn't working and they needed gas. This is flight 1081 leaving Dulles going to LAX. Do some... 
you have said the same thing to me over and over again but phrased differently. How about some actual help? 
research buddy. Read my previous tweets and get some context. 
and feel free to email me mikehertz7@gmail.com - don't worry, we're not going anywhere but this damn Tarmac for a bit! 
Will my us air points now be combined with yours? 
flight Cancelled Flightled and was trying to reschedule but 800 number just says to call back 
need help changing a flight. Please dm 
received an email requesting I call about a res. but I keep getting kicked off of your phone system. Help? 
Yay, thanks! Appreciate the help, I know it's NUTS right now with the cold and ice! 
Well if you won't let me handle my reservation/change online, &amp; your Reservation call # hangs up on me wtf do I do?? Bullshit. 
followed. I tried to @USAirways record locator number, gave me an error code 
back in UK now no thanks to your staff that wouldn't me or the other passengers stranded. Just laughed at us 
I need to rebook and I cannot get an agent. Can you help? 
We've 15 official complaints signed by #AmericanAirlines Lima supervisor. Customer Relations pls compensate 4 the 10-hour delay 
literally just stopped allowing people to wait in line for customer service. Incredible. From worst to no customer service. 
you need to have a look at your handling of flight 106 and 104. Company of yours size should have protocols in place to help 
need help on a reservation. Can you follow so that I can DM details? Thanks! 
@CNN @nbsnewsr @cnnbrk except you aren't working with her @AmericanAir youve done nothing to help 
6 hours to get backs back after being sat on a plane for 4 hours to have flight Cancelled Flightled with only one small drink 
I've been trying to reach your customer service for TWO days. I have received zero response. Never traveling AA again. 
Oh,i already have turned  itover to them, but apparently losing someones bag on their honeymoon doesn't require accountability 
@British_Airways trying to speak with an agent about my flight to London tonight but can't get anyone from AA.  Can you help? 
Thanks! Great stuff! I can only imagine how jammed everything is. 
@TyWinter it's really the small things--the details--that make an excellent experience or a really irritating one. 
you can tweet but not call! You're like a bad boyfriend! 
For the love of all that is holy, if your automated phone system is going to give like 8 options, give numerical shortcuts 
2 months and still no exec platinum member cards. What gives? 
Don't require us to memorize a five-word phrase and remember it after we hear another six million options 
No! We departed 24 hours Late Flightr, with a crazy crew. One of the lady simply freaked out and got away from job before departure. 
F-A-N-T-A-S-T-I-C!! thanks again for coming thru with great customer service! 
How clueless is AA. Been waiting to hear for 2.5 weeks about a refund from a Cancelled Flightled flight &amp; been on hold now for 1hr 49min 
now the second flight I was put on was Cancelled Flightled with no explanation!! Missed my first meeting!!#outraged😡😡 
That will be the third time I have been called by 800-433-7300 an hung on before anyone speaks. What do I do now??? 
Thanks but don't understand why they couldn't have used the tug at the next gate over, ground crew took a break? #unacceptable 
Trying desperately to rebook my moms flight. Waited 10 hours for callback, got disconnected and they didn’t call back. #help 
- I'd be happy to hold on the phone, but your phone system is not allowing that and simply hangs up. 
#last #flight #ever on #AA. You botched this weather delay to the point of absurdity. I'd pay more to fly @Delta 
My flight through Dallas was Cancelled Flightled and I talked to reservations agent and got a new flight but have not received an email 
RT “@AmericanAir: @yourlocalnyer Good morning, Rob. We're showing the flight to sunny Mexico just pushed off the gate.” 
dmed back 
...why would you sell seats for a 7 hour flight with half of the legroom occupied by an escape raft? http://t.co/DTHEyOFXrB 
my flight 1337 is Cancelled Flightled.  Can you let me know what my new flight info is? 
45min wait to get de-iced in Tulsa.Not good service.Looks like everyone will miss connections, not due to weather. Fight is on 
I'm trying to make a reservation with a &lt; 2 year old lap child. Don't see any option online. How do I proceed with reservation? 
I need some help. My record locator is bringing up TWO different flights in your system. One op by AA &amp; one from US Airways. 
sure, thank you! 
you said this last time. It doesn't take 6 weeks to reply to an email. 
@usairways who is the next stop after customer service. 
follows the Talent PM of #BDSM porn site http://t.co/UQGW6qsFFU. New "Economy Dungeon" class coming? http://t.co/pl9Sop5IHu 
will award me 50,000 air miles!!! Yes I am going to take a vacation! 
#thanksamericanairlines 
#AmericanView
The view of Oregon from seat 31F, flight AA1469 2/22/15 http://t.co/t9JBN9WZtq 
I'd like to explore both options, and what the cost might be to change the date and destination. 
Define "sincerely". Your actions do not reflect what you're saying in a poor attempt to redeem yourselves on social media. 
got it, so it's just paying extra not to sit in the way back. Awesome. Never again. 
30 minutes since landing - flight 1531 from Miami and no luggage- what's the delay 
seriously, you treat your passengers like shit. 
thanks..... 
@EdPlotts don't bother trying to get anywhere with their customer service team either as take 2+ months and counting to reply 
okay. I just sent it. 
HELP! Attempting to Cancelled Flight a flight but can't get thru 800 number. Call gets dropped when saying Agent. flight is 2/24. 
in line at SFO. Customer service is rude, disorganized, and congested. Very dissapointing. 
exceptional customer service from AA - my misplaced item was waiting for me at checkin followed by a smooth flight. Thank you! 
DM sent 
how can I when system always hangs up on me? 
really 
 terrible response! How about someone picking up the phone and calling me...It is now 49 Hours with no luggage 
served the nastiest food Ive ever seen yesterday.Rubber chicken in slime. The ENTIRE cabin sent their food back.FAs can confirm 
am on hold for the 2nd time today. Need help with confirming the new flights you arranged for me. Can you expedite this? 
@derekc21  Hello any one out there ? have you forgotten me ?  I need a  luggage # for BA.  Your dropping the ball here . 
THANK YOU FOR ALL THE HELP!  :P You guys are the best.  #americanairlines #americanair 
I don't like making a scene but this hasn't been addressed properly. Please have them do that. 
why have I been on hold for almost 3 hours? This is ridiculous 
your team rebooked my Cancelled Flightled AA flight on a different airline. New airline has no such Flight Booking Problems. Flight is this evening. 
My pleasure, next AA flight - this Wednesday to Milan, Italy for @MIDOExhibition -- See you then! :) 
4hrs Late Flightr i get a call back, and immediately disconnected 
no. Prebook flight for wife's 40th bday in NO. I recently have had surgery and can't travel. Won't let another go in my place 
@USAirways you can help by now finding my baggage!!  Reply to me ASAP with who I can direct details to. 
just sad that even after spending so much on tickets all I wanted was for my wife to still go with her sister and no help 
been calling for over 24hrs now and getting no where but told to call back by the automated system is extremely frustrating 
you keep returning my call and hanging up when I answer? Help reFlight Booking Problems a flight! 
is that the "record locator"? 
There was no one from #AA at the #woase2015 event @HelsinkiAirport
Lots of info available of #winterops 
thanks for keeping us safe 
Hahaha.... "Meanwhile in Russia...." 
followback 
@MattThomasNews When did American Airlines start flying to and from Siberia? Wait, this is the USA? Oy! 
Only fluctuated because aa took 2 hrs to call me back.Ended up paying (extra) in $US so above statement not true 
I wrote down the evoucher number. I got rid of the voucher when I purchased air fair 
we have been sitting on the plane for over an hour. unacceptable. you have a complete disregard for customer service. 
 CXL flight. rebooked 2 PAX no problems. Thank you and everyone at AA for helping us all out! 
now you're sending a gate agent to talk to us? Joke of an airline. Thanks for ruining my vacation. #neverflyAAagain 
is there something wrong with the website? no matter what flight I select, it says it's no longer available. 
249 EWR - DFW is now stopping BNA to refuel 4 bad weather? Are YOU just trying to get the plane closer 2 DFW then Cancelled Flight on us? 
My father loved working for you as well as PanAm 
When will callers from the East Coast be able to speak to an actual human for reservation support? All agents busy call Late Flightr.. 
that's not the point. Say its $1300 at the counter when I clearly see $500 on your site? AA agent was @ a loss 4 words, too 
maybe you should stop tweeting and start calling. Or make it available for people to wait on-hold instead of hanging up on us. 
You don't care about keeping your customers safe or at least you didn't care about my sister 
Thanks. Having issues checking in for flight, please check our DM convo for more info. 
well Done all of you xx 
thanks! 
I paid seat upgrade b4 the severe weather.  Got booked on another flight but did not get upgrade. Was calling to inquire. HELP! 
SFO. Natt (the agent who helped me) really did an awesome job. 
Also do you have any way to speak to someone on the phone? Your 1-800 # has been hanging up on me all day. 
umm unexpected?? Unexpected meaning you guys didn't know you had a major staff shortage ?? 
Way to suck at customer service, Dallas is trapped in an ice storm but you didn't Cancelled Flight 7am flight &amp; been on hold all day. 
I think 2 weeks of waiting is more than enough time for you to contact me.  This is why you lose customers 
How can I get a flight change while in the air? Delays causing a missed connection again. There is 1 seat for Late Flightr 
so if your genuine, give me your opinion  on what occurred last night 445 fly  from phl, to mia. No assistance at airport 
I love very much your planes, can you please follow me back? It's an amazing bussines! 
I was going to change it to tomorrow because I am concerned if the fllight does make I won't be able to leave the airport   1/2 
due to road conditions 
All of the nicest people in the world work at Admiral's clubs. Gladys in San Juan es mi Amiga 
On hold since 5am. When no one can get to the airport, Cancelled Flight flight, don't make us pay huge fee to change flight. 
did you guys get rid of the functionality on http://t.co/R1OQAVEO7I to put a reservation on hold for 24 hours? i don't see it 
Thank you. It's much appreciated. We have been on the plane for 90 min now at the gate. 
don't they already know ?  Isn't everyone sharing how nasty the food is? It's not even close to decent. 
really appreciate the great customer service... One of your service agents just hung up on me when asking legitimate questions 
just tried calling. got a high call volume at this moment message and then it said goodbye and hung up… 
get me outta here 
ask your new colleagues @USAirways how they handled US 728 on 21 Feb. I expect to be made whole again. Check complaint inbox. 
are flights leaving Dallas right now? In Maui trying to figure out how delayed flight 7 is going to be 
Kudos to the crew of Flt 167 today. Specially to Carlton. Loved your new 767-300. Keep up the good work AA! 
Still on hold. Way to suck. 
@maxfitgirl29 next time fly Southwest... 
FYI...call stilling getting dropped.  After an hour of continuous dialing. Attempted to Cancelled Flight online but not able to. HELP!!! 
"bag has not yet been located". Again, 5th time I've checked it. How can tracking my bag be this hard for your system? 
Thank u! Did reach out to both and have not had a response yet. Lost and Found goes straight to VM. 
I have the app - after my nonsense flight Cancelled Flightation yesterday I wasn't able to use the app or kiosk today. Hour long line. 
4 open kiosks for priority with no line and only 4 open for main check in for ~80-100 ppl 
thanks to your airline I now have a ruined bag and you refuse to do anything about it. 
Unbelievable that I cannot even wait on hold to speak to a human being to resolve my issue!!!!!!!! The system simply hangs up! 
thx, just sent the DM 
No. Had to Cancelled Flight my trip. Instead of a $25 future trip voucher, a $25 drink coupon would've been better! #WakingInMemphis 
no standby line update online or on app either is troubling 
please do something about boarding at DCA 35X. Many delays + buses to planes on tarmac despite empty gates. Disorganized mess. 
2 hours now!  No I'm not patient.  Why don't you have a call back feature or pay someone to answer the phone, not tweet #onhold 
well you spelled my name wrong. 
hour and a half after landing bags are finally trickling off. http://t.co/4KbTzVjU3b 
but my friend was told she was able to use her credit with the airline towards one of my flights, then was told she couldn't. 
you expect us to spend our hard earn $ to fly and make exceptions when you have extra call volume, however, you never make acpt 
not helpful 
Let's all have a extraordinary week and make it a year to remember #GoingForGreat 2015 thanks so much American Airlines!!! 
Thank you 
$90 dollar RT ticket to Chicago? Yes, Please! 
still not taking calls ?   Storm ended 2 days ago. Be like pats and #doyourjob 
Is my friends flight 386 from JAX to DFW Cancelled Flighted? 
I have a couple questions for you, if you’re available for PM? 
i got a new reservation for tomorrow. Thanks! 
Your people on the phone can't see those? And to have it be over $800 difference. That's a poor process then... 
77min still on hold to chg award travel #sorrynotsorry 
yes I have. Thanks 
thanks for telling me my flight got Cancelled Flightled when it wasn't. Now I have a missing luggage because of you. Thanks fam! 
sure is. What's more frustrating is being stranded at the airport with our fate in your hands. 
Thanks gang! Mind if I ask, do you handle all of your Social Media in house? 
could you check if there is SVU space on AA199 MXP-JFK Feb 28th? Thanks 
could you check if there is SWU (typo in last post) space on AA199 MXP-JFK Feb 28th? Thanks 
welcome anyone who works in those conditions deserves a thank you even though I am other side of #Atlantic lol xx 
but don't you worry... @Delta took good care of me... Your loss, their gain. 
please get it together and find my husbands luggage! You're ruining his ski trip to Aspen! 3rd day no luggage. 
great job and great service in and out of SDF this weekend during the winter storm. 
Oh, and losing my luggage #ridiculous # angrybird # where'smybag 
Trying for 20 hrs to reach agent. Must make change that can't be done on web by 11:59 PST. Had to Cancelled Flight revs ystday. 
please dm me 
hey ho its not me losing any money (only you) just next make sure you stick to the "flyers right's booklet" 
Thanks for asking On second plane after maintenance issue, for flight from ORD to LIT. Sitting at gate in very very warm plane 
; @USAirways US 728/Feb 21. Unprofessional, unprepared, unsympathetic, lacked communication, and lacked solutions. 
That's good, I'd expect that but I can't get through on the phone to make any changes. Can I change it online? 
thank you. They are processing my refund. 
it's GTSVYB. It says it's Cancelled Flightled when I try to check. 
Can you tell me where my luggage is? I was on flight 1644 SNA to DFW and my flight to MKE was Cancelled Flightled, so got rebooked to ORD 
I've been calling you for 3 straight days and no one picks up. Sure there are storms but there are also #customers Holler! 
is there a way to reserve my dog’s flight without speaking with a representative? Just was booted from your helpline! 
Uhmmm we need @JColeNC down in Dallas,Tx for his tour 😫😫😫 
THANK YOU!!! 👍👍👍👍👍 
is there a probability that flight 1330 from DFW to DTW will be delayed or Cancelled Flighted? 
will do on another airline that's more accommodating of its customers. Unable to simply change passengers with notice is simply 
unacceptable. It's clear losing just one customer doesn't matter to American but how many more bankruptcies will it take 
thanks 
to realize your customer service leaves much to be desired and the folks handling the calls could care less...and it shows. 
Just called regarding my bag, came in yesterday and no one notified more or updated the online record locator #customerservice 
You lost a customer today. Flight today was Cancelled Flightled and I had to find out by calling customer service yesterday. 
Was put on hold for 5.5 hrs then got a call back at 11:20 pm, only to wait on hold for another hour. 
I've tried no less than 8 times today to get in touch with your service desk beginning at 8:30 EST.  I'm having no luck -help! 
can I redeem AAdavantage miles on LAN flights? 
Considering it was past midnight, I hung up and called again to receive another service call. 
been @ airport 8hrs been told nothing by anyone until now your rep has said "we are waiting for the mechanics to finish lunch"! 
Heard back at 7:30 am today, was put on flight tomorrow AM, arriving home at 4 pm. Meaning I'd have to take a 2nd day off work. 
Not okay. Since you couldn't put me on an earlier flight, I had to buy my own ticket on another airline. 
Was told you could only refund me the cost of my original return flight (note: flight you had booked for me was more expensive) 
flt 703, sorry scheduled at 545, phl-mia, a totally chaotic, poorly addressed event.  Sent to three gates in the night 
I had to purchase a ticket that I never would have had to buy had the flight not been Cancelled Flightled. Terrible customer service. 
After being patient about my "delayed" bags for 5 weeks, I was told that it could take another 3 to 5 weeks. Unacceptable! 
Least you could do would be to refund me the one-way ticket I had to buy since you weren't able to accommodate. Thank you. 
Well, you guys are totally kicking a million pounds of ass. Bar none, the best SM team in the airline industry in my opinion. 
so whats the hold up on flight 4302? 
the original receipt lists my flight cost as $89ish, and doesn't reflect the use of a voucher 
Thank you!!!! I will be there to pick her up on time. 
We don't mind the fee! We were told we can't change name on ticket at all. 
been on hold to reserve award travel for over 1.5 hrs now. Anyone home?? Or is it a crazy weather issue? http://t.co/cEHrOeurC5 
our flight attendant announced that we have transportation waiting for us for that flight so I think we'll make it. 
This entire process took sooooo long that no decent seats are left.  #customerservice 
on Feb. 15th your rep gave me the record locator and told me I'd be receiving an email with the itinerary and confirmation. 
Hey Becky Piela at the Orange County airport has been really kind and helpful with rescheduling our flight! 
I had booked online but unable to Cancelled Flight online. But finally got thru. 
attached original ticket. flight number was 1672. isn't the experience I thought I would have. Terrible! http://t.co/5SdlyN9MSS 
we did check before going to de airport and everything was fine. #fail 
here is the ticket they gave me after lying, raising their voice. With no explanation on what happened http://t.co/31cFHtK60r 
our flight AA 1338 is delayed out of Providenciales and will be missing our connection AA 1651 in Miami to SEA. Who do we call? 
I need to complain to AA, but the email form field doesn't allow enough characters for my complaint. Have a real email address? 
I don't believe it's acceptable to have a ticket # changed after check in time &amp; not be notified. Apparently that's standard. 
thanks. Delivery status?? 
Chicago seen from seat 6A, AA 1620. So far a great ride! On to PDX! http://t.co/X4rsvAGIjN 
been on the phone for 47 minutes...said it would be 10...  Any advice? 
have been in call cue for 11 hours. No call yet. Wife in cue for 9 hours.  Got a call but was hung up on. 
what's the best number to use? 
Thanks for doing that but now it's telling me to go to the airport and check in with an agent-what's up? http://t.co/PfseNJk5Pw 
2nd time in 4 days that my flight has been delayed and my gate agent hasn't said anything! Thanks for the memories. #NeverAgain 
hi there flight from Dallas just Cancelled Flightled going to LA. Can u pls help rebook me? 
I'm trying my hardest to not get frustrated, but I am getting no response on email or by phone. AA owes me $500. How do I claim 
need2know if Ill be able to reach IND today.Rather stay in MAF that fly to DFW &amp; find out I can't travel http://t.co/gVgKHbx1RB 
Hello, question, How many balloons do you think it will take to life up one of your planes? 
thank you for the assistance 
work on the comm skills w hate agents at PHX. Said I was confirmed on flight out of DFW &amp; got here and that was only standby. 
she was rude, unprofessional,  not helpful in helping me try and get home. As a #aaadvantage #loyal aa customer dissatisfied! 
Need to hold or get a call back. Just get hung up on by your phone system for 6+ hours now. 
now 2 hrs! Guess I should just hang up &amp; give up on using my award miles before prices jump? Hm thanks http://t.co/LE4H2gTzXZ 
will not let me reuse my ticket.  Thus I have booked my vacation with Delta!  Never flying on American again...... 
Agents in DFW were very kind did their best to help, but this doesn't make up for PHX error and attitude! #Americant 
from the rude ticket counter employees to forcing my wife on standby and then pushing her down the list.. it was a very bad day 
why can't you hire a staff that is helpful, informed and nice to it's customers? 
your seat assignment process when Flight Booking Problems is misleading. I'm not paying extra to select a seat. 
Hi, did the discount award policy for credit card holders change? No longer seeing the chart of specials on the site. Thanks! 
after 50 minutes on hold, and another 30 minutes on the call yes. Going to be pushing it to get to the airport on time now 
What's with your baggage handlers calling out at DFW today? No luggage onboard the planes. 
@elwoodblues77 I'm sure he understands the rules but you guys just have zero customer service. Staff your damn counters! 
12 calls in the span of two days........none of which available to speak to someone.  You are un F-in believable.  worst ever 
Thank you so much. 
your a LIAR, no precipitation all day, 47 degrees, don't pacify, you look like a fool.......thats the problem, admit you suck 
boarding in 2mins YAY!!!! 
AA1675 flight out of Jamaica was Cancelled Flightled yesterday due to "weather", while other flights were still landing at DFW 
hah, best flight attendant response, if you not happy getting screwed over, you have other carriers.   hahahah pathetic 
Can care less if youre without your bags for a day or a week! Ive been 3 stories in the last 3 hours...I WANT MY BAG! 
Miami-PhL flight Cancelled Flightled just as I got to the gate. No one from AA around, no one on the phone. Awful awful awful. 
AA1675 now that the airplane has been sitting here for over 24 hrs,there are mechanical problems.BTW,the AA desk is unorganized 
Trying to get my flight changed through dallas. Calling your number just says thanks for calling and hangs up. Guess I'm stuck 
the best is your 800 message saying to use website and your website is saying you need to call.  If you don't answer, #hardtodo 
thank you, truly appreciate the help, just sent a DM 
Will it be this year, do you think? 
my wife is stuck in #Brownsville any chance she can get any flight out? She needs to be at work tomorrow morning. 
about when can I see a new American Airlines credit card to replace my USAIRWAYS dividend MasterCard? 
yes there's issues on the site as well unfortunately. 
your advantage agents are horrible! I've been waiting for 5 hours for a call back only to be hung up on by a rude agent! 
thanks, I'll look forward to the response. 
that's why I'm asking for exception. Staffer moving last minute,we're a nonprofit &amp; losing $400,we just want to change ticket. 
#AATeam thanks for working in very rigorous weather conditions for all 
I paid using Paypal online and after I was charged there was a "System Error" which is what I ended up calling about. 
no. Booked seat in Dallas, live in Dallas. Real nice that your gate agent had exit row available told me they weren't available 
#AmericanAirlines on approach to mex.... http://t.co/se57dmjHiW 
Not true!! Stop making excuses! You either overbook or have crappy planes! 
it was 639 
WHERE IS MY BAG?!?!?! 
after waiting for a delayed plane, we sat on the plane for an hour waiting for a Late Flight passenger. That's BS too.. 
thanks... I finally got through this afternoon.  :) 
there's an employee at gate 45 of JFK telling people their bag doesn't fit and needs to be checked when it clearly fits #AA291 
Hi. Get error msg when trying to check in on line. States: wrong pass#. Tickets rcvd from AA due to training in DFW. U know Y? 
while listening to a delay message on my phone, another delay message was coming in. Get your shit together! 
I really can't there though to an agent, and I am worried about my reservation. Can you help me out! 
@kanne822 @SouthwestAir is better than AA. 
already shared with them. Nothing done! 
Another customer non service from you. If we waited for you to solve the problem we would miss the funeral. You suck! 
Delaney and Shawn at DFW showed exceptional customer service today. Will happily choose AA whenever possible now! Thank you! 
when changing dest city on an award for a reservation party of 4, is fee $150 for each pax or 150 for first and 25 for rest? 
finally at final destination but not w/o extra significant travel expenses &amp; missed work. How can you resolve this experience? 
Am I upgraded on my next flight? 
im tryin to book a flight but cant get ahold of anyone! 
most disgusting chicken entree I've ever seen.  Your standards have seriously nosedived. #NewAmerican http://t.co/56eSsfOOwt 
the worst first class boarding service I ever had. 
Can't help now as all seats have been taken.  There has to be a way to handle high volume of call days. 
can lie to you about where your lost bag is, but we are suppose to trust them with our lives thousands of feet in the air... 
are pets allowed in first class? 
for tomorrow some sites show flight 1642 from ewr Cancelled Flightled, is it? 
I ended up emailing my #Complaint to customer.relations@aa.com, hope that works. #TravelProblems 
3127. Just landed in LIT. 
I still can't get through to change my flight. This is really important plz help! 
yes, it says it should be deliver within 6 hours after pick up line. 
thanks - I miss my dog and this delay is costing me a lot of money. 
I've been trying to get through to reservations since yesterday to make a change to a reservation hold, when will it be up? 
my wife was on a flt from BRO to TUL via DFW that was Cancelled Flighted. Bought an SWA flight to get her home. Partial refund,DM me plz? 
you should really explain customer service to your gate agent for 1152 at C4. Couldn't be bothered. 
See photo of 787 model &amp; our PN 320008A wheel deflator specified in Chapter 32 of B787 AMM. http://t.co/oilnCfWEyg 
I guess it is more BS AirportCardio given you cannot have an on time flight 
See photo of B787 scale model &amp; our PN 320008A wheel deflator specified in Chapter 32 of B787 AMM. http://t.co/kfD4WQRkLW 
he is at the Boston airport. There is a problem. The agents will not honor the voucher because one number is rubbed out. 
instead they yelled at him and told him to call a number that will not pick up due to call volume 
Flight for tomorrow was Cancelled Flightled. New one booked. Seats taken care of. Just a tweet to commend you all on the service. Thanks! 
so, what should he do next exactly?! 
how is US4623 going to be on time when they are still deplaning at 4:08? This is BS. 
bad weather happens but lack of preparation is inexcusable. Depending on good weather is not a good business model. 
has been almost a month and still no response to my online complaint/questions. Out $300 because of it. 
HELP U said ud chnge our retrn flght since we missed our connection Sat &amp; now ur not pickng up the phone.Only hve 18 hrs left! 
I understand they're busy &amp; doing their best. My frustration is an automated call changing my flight w/o allowing me to talk 
stuck at gate Miami to JFK flight 1510. Are we going to get out of here tonight? Very frustrating 
you flew me into Chi instead and I got a ride to MKE. U said my bags would go to MKE today. Is it on the Cancelled Flightled flight tho? 
why is does it seem to be impossible to contact anyone at your airline to get an item left on board a plane 5 min after deplane 
yep,filed a claim at Heathrow yesterday. We were promised a call this morning with an update, but got nothing. 
Bad weather is understandable but your own pilot said that over 160 people called out and that ZERO bags are on the plane. 
why are customer svc reps unable to handle calls. Is there a 24hrs Cancelled Flightlation policy? Booked yesterday need to Cancelled Flight 
Flight Get Me Out Of Chicago. 
Bad weather happens. But not being able to get through to a reservations rep for over 6 hours is just crazy. #frustrated 
How do I place it on hold and complete payment? I don't see any way to do that from my reservations page. 
oh I did. All I received back was an email saying " delays happen".. Uh huh.. 
I've tried...its @USAirways anyway 
should prob give me a refund since they made me miss my flight waiting to talk to someone for 3 hours... http://t.co/4SFpcbyy9m 
You guys are the talk of the Americans down here in Ecuador! Read this! https://t.co/5ON3KlzVMT 
been calling all morning. Still can't get through. I need to chge a flight that is this week!!!!! 
originating at SFO and going to LAX. 
check on what? Our broken tablet! See attached picture. #media #filmcrew #nbc #cnn http://t.co/Uq2ooPjPwg 
@AmericanAir we won't be flying you. Rebooked on Jetblue. With credits (that actually work) it was free! 
thanks for being entirely unhelpful and wasting hours of my time today 
thanks! I hope we get movies. Tv's were broke on the flight over 
New marketing song? https://t.co/F2LFULCbQ7 let us know what you think? http://t.co/NBZkhiZF3V 
I Cancelled Flightled my ticket and is taking two months ++ to refund and still waiting! 
probs the worst customer service ever. Replied to complaint I submitted 6 weeks ago bout damaged bag... Not even replacing it! 
cannot understand how you are part of oneworld all other member treat their customers fairly #tcf #oldplanes #damageluggage 
no I will be calling corporate! 
@USAirways day has come where I was suppose to get my money back from you but my bank hasn't received anything but after 
My chariot tonight. From this angle it looks like a 787, no? http://t.co/3ZZKQWWbJz 
@USAirways over an hour on the phone the best you can tell me is it was sent maybe my bank misplaced it... 
@USAirways I've tried to be understanding and let you handle the situation but I guess I was wrong about that 
not only on both legs did I have damaged seat, u damaged an expensive case and not offered anything.Just an apology 6wks Late Flightr! 
but seriously if my cats dead I'm going to be pissed/very thankful because it is evil and wants my soul 
Yes, thanks I found those, didn't see the gray tab at first :) 
No worries at all. Y’all have a good one!! 
first ride on new 737-800 with new interior and in seat video. Nice improvement! #Newplanesmell http://t.co/dJJjN9sLHT 
already spoke to that line, unwilling to help - really poor support #hitawall 
boom. http://t.co/PzGc6Jch7n 
3349, was supposed to be in little rock at 10am this morning. 
why can't @dfwairport have the capability to spread salt on a runway?! 
just messaged you. Please have someone contact us immediately. 
well I'm flying @JetBlue instead - for free! Their credits actually work. 
#epicfail on connections in #Chicago today, extremely disappointed w/ unaccommodating customer service, rethinking loyalty 😐 
basically u right now http://t.co/IN24Bpb7dw 
what's done is done. Not much you can do at this point. Trip is already over. 
has the worst flight change policy. No mercy, no sympathy, such a bummer when you can't go to funerals or see friends bc of it. 
Thanks to AA for the upgrade today and getting me on a new flight after my first one was Cancelled Flightled! 
I had it until last night, but because "severe weather" I could make the needed changes and now fair goes up 150 each. 
No Meelan did not afford a supervisor to be included in the conversation, pls check the rec of the call #badcustomerservice 
amen! 
I fly American because of family but severe weather excuse so I can't call to make change, why have a computer if u cant modify 
Additional fare cost $19.. Tix change price 195 UK Pounds ($304). $19 not the issue the 195 UK Pounds IS ! #badcustomerservice 
Also Agent not aware clearly of http://t.co/FWKJ49B1LE 
I've never had anything bad to say until now. No love for faithful customers. 
We've sent you more info via DM.  I truly hope you resolve this very quickly. #media #filmcrew #cnn #nbc 
It's not about weather, it's logistics. Why should I hold for 90 minutes when you called me? Why not get more desk agents? 
- Envoy Airlines is a disgrace to the AA family.  Nothing but delays and Cancelled Flightlations, week after week. 
it is absolutely unacceptable.  I have been calling all day and am hung up on every time. I just need a 5 minute bit of help! 
Took a flight yesterday fron TPA-DFW-AUS. Bag went to IAH. Today bag went to IAH-DFW and then back to IAH. Still no bag! 
No snow in St. Louis. Cold but no snow. Hub flights welcome. 
is the company from hell with NO consideration for customers that give it hundreds of millions of dollars per year #SMH 
@Rizzilient I booked tickets using miles and need to change the dates.  Have been trying to get to an advantage rep 4 two days 
- don't be jealous.  I live in Sydney and my T-shirt and jeans don't suit the office for work. I need suits and a warm jacket. 
I will never fly with you guys again! I am stuck in memphis another day. Called to be credit something anything 
I'd just like to know where my bag is, when I'll get it and why I don't have it already. No accountability from Cust Service. 
my bags were checked through to Cancelled Flightled flight 362. When will they arrive in MKE? Not much help from grnd staff. Havoc in DFW 
yes I did but no response. 
a free check bag a food comp a flying credit something to help out now that I'm an additional 200 dollars in the hole 
for my delay and you know what I get a we don't credit anybody back a supervisor who cut me off when speaking 
and just bad cs! I will be back on @JetBlue  at least when you stuck they look out for you and apologize for any trouble 
I have a ticket that has been pending for 4 days. Is it normal to take that long?? I want to make sure there isn't a problem. 
this is a big company should be happy to do something for a customer when now it's costing more for delays oh and did I mention 
I have to miss a whole days worth of work tomorrow but I'm suree you guys don't care 
so what if I didn't have the funds to purchase another ticket? Your error would cause my family to miss the funeral 
that's unacceptable 
no kidding! Gonna take some beating on the apron... And there are some good lookin' planes out there! 
overbooked business class from Mia to uvf - after being in the correct seat we were moved back to economy on our special day 
Thx, someone picked up after 45 minutes 
crew did the best they could but it was out of their control. You only get one chance of a honeymoon &amp; you failed miserably 
rebooked into a different airport. Throwing a wrench into plans 👀 
every time I try to call, it tells me to try again Late Flightr and just hangs up. 
My flight 1389 from Las Vegas to DFW was Cancelled Flightled! I've been on hold forever and I still have not spoken to anyone! Pls Help 
that's the one. My original arrival time was 10:14am, after all said and done I may be there by 9:19pm central. Not impressed. 
Thank you for the response, we got it resolved at the counter. 
Is there a way I can get a record of all the flights I've taken with you? 
the group of minor children were broken up into groups. Some still in Miami. Delta has much better customer service! 
you're airline is ridiculous 
I took the day off from work and drove 9 hours round trip to rescue my daughter and 3 other students from LaGuardia. Thanks! 
 2/2 You took cost for both flights out of my bank account. Now I can't get a refund for 2 weeks? I have been a loyal customer. 
your DCA baggage claim employees should realize a please, a thank you and an apology can go a long way #customerservice #DCA 
I bought a plane ticket 2 months ago and still haven't received my flight info and ticket in my email when it will come? 
I tried site &amp; doesnt allow me. Same reason why I wasn't allowed to board this morning. Will try diff airline for work trips 
What are we going to do about the nightmare you guys out me through yesterday? Zero response from the tweet you last sent me. 
not having pillows or blankets or a flight home for 40 people does bad things to my hair 
I'll try to have a great week once I receive it 😩😭💔 
emailed AAdvantage for status match ... still waiting.  Can't wait to move from @united but help me out here :) 
Hey, AA! There was a mistake made by your CR on my Flight Booking Problems. When I call your reservations #, I keep getting hung up on. Advise. 
um no just hanging out what’s new w you? 
after several miss communications I was able to get to ORD but I am not home yet and not sure I will get there due to her error 
now a delay to the rebooked flight?! 
Was not on board you today just watched report unfold on Twitter but still am very proud! 
I waited on hold for two hours, only to have my call. Really unreliable. 
stuck on the tarmac in CLT because the our gate is not open. Hope I don't miss my connection.... #logistics #AmericanView 
thanks for following up- it finally worked!! Fingers crossed the new flight works. 
trying to change flight via DFW tomorrow, can't get thru on phone, long wait then cut off x2, can you help please? 
Really?They closed the gate at 10:30 instead of40.I got there at 10:39. If u wudda put in my ktn like I asked, I wudda made it. 
Can you provide guidance on how I should work with them to resolve the issue 
any ways to get through the 50 minute wait to book a flight? 
Lady at B1 ABQ for 5347 on 2/23 was of a great service to all among several Cancelled Flightlations 
two Cancelled Flightled LGA flights. Both by @Delta took off. Looks like I have a new carrier @Delta! 
improve Envoy's performance.  5th trip through ORD in 2015 I've been delayed for hours because of Envoy.  I could drive faster! 
lost 3 pieces of our bags, haven't delivered them in 36 hours, lied that they were delivered, and still no refund.  Never again 
Cancelled Flightled two flights from Miami to Nashville yesterday and could not get me on a flight for 3-4 days. #Southwestairwasthere 
misplaced my bag 36 hr ago and can't tell me where it is. I've lost $1000 of stuff :( #AmericanAirlines #unamericanairlines 
btr trained gate agts. Im a frequent flyer &amp; have nvr had issue w/my bag 2day I was forced 2 gate check while priority boarding 
Why doesn't anyone make a better effort to retain customers. It should be an easy fix, I just want to travel AA. 
keep up the good work.  Got me to my destination safe and on time today 
No. It does. You could not be more wrong. http://t.co/66NXZhBbMT 
@barrettkarabis what a joke you can mail
The receipt !! Yet. We can't mail
Them
A payment and fly before hand right 
dont send me a tweet to cover your social media complaints. How about sending me a message with a way to resolve?!?! #CustServ 
I have got a flight for
The next day !! What about a credit ! You guys are a multimillion dollar company give us back a Credit 
for our delays !!! I'm out of more money because of you 
why would it take that long? My credit card company says the card hasn't been charged yet. Should it take 5 days for this? 
my Mistake multibillion dollar company 
everything for sorted out. Thanks for the help. Excited to get home tonight! 
No. I watched these bags be abandoned at depart gate. Watched for &gt;40 mins until owner returned, 20+ mins after I reported 
upgraded to 1st class. Inquired about red wine.  "Sauvignon blanc &amp; I can't pronounce the other one."  Couldn't describe... 
the dinner and called me "hon". Not the service I would expect from 1st class.  #disappointed 
Just took off. Sitting with someone who is scheduled on Buenos ares out of JFK,not sre if he will make it. R thy holding plane? 
I need assistance reFlight Booking Problems a flight from dfw to lit 
thanks, me too 
now I have to wait "more than 60 minutes" 
TSA said there is nothing they could do. But the question is why are your employee's swapping your customers belongings? 
yep as I saidi feel sorry for you that you have to run their account how embarrassing for you 
can you help me update a birthday that was incorrectly input in a reservation? This is preventing me from checking in 
u didn't give an answer why the flight delayed so long. and how do u compensate missing my other flights Lima to Cuzco?? 
I can't work with them if the call gets cut off while I'm still holding..... Is DFW looking any better tomorrow? 
thanks 😩. idk if it still Late Flight but I hope I get it tonight 😭 
why did you drop my call. Why don't you have more people answering phones? Why is it always high call volume when I call 
@jokerunning this happened to me too!!! 
have such a bad rep for loosing costumers luggage. I stopped flying them a while back. 
the status on my itinerary says on request in red. What's that mean? 
are flights from Pensacola fl delayed flight 3670 
@maryella_green just received it, actually. Thank you!!!!!!!!! 
has no idea what they're doing. Delay 1 flight from 5pm to 7:40pm then delay another TO THE SAME DESTINATION  @ THE SAME TIME. 
@USAirways - I'm pregnant with twins and you're going to abandon me overnight in an airport? No hotel? When it's your fault? 
- cluster continues-still on connecting instead of direct..bag charged and seats not together. #shafted 
Absolutely! 
@maryella_green despite the inconvenience, the situation was handled quickly and we appreciate it very much! 
3611 was supposed to depart at 5:10pm central.  About ready to close the door at 7:34pm central. 
would you like any additional details of my issue? Airport, flight, agent name? Or are you happy w/ this automated lip service? 
it's not about the delay.  It's about the communication. 
I didn't want to Cancelled Flight, I wanted to take someone off and keep my price. Held at 402, at 10am today 440, now 530 
ok makes no sense tho Since you'll give me a free upgrade to first. 
Gabriela in Miami is a very rude employee.Working the MIA-LGA check In. She made experience unpleasant.  #customerexperience 
daughter record loc. is KYBILC. She is traveling with 3 y.o. and needs to be in adjacent seats, not across isle. 
congrats on your call center customer service! A guy named Fidencio answered and he went above &amp; beyond to help me! 👌👌👌 
I have been checking consistently, and called multiple times. As a loyal AA customer, I'm disappointed. 
how about you give us a number to call instead of the empty email since you are not working on it 
anything in particular I should ask for.   Will they want me to document my mileage plus status! 
@USAirways need to be reported to the @BBB_media for their complete disregard for paying customers! #DoNotFlyWithThem 
Advised GAs and pilot of my flight. Too bad no one took action. 
Flight 3487 delayed 1 hour because of pilots? I spend 5+ hours on the phone just to get an EP agent on the phone now this? 
thanks for a Cancelled Flightled flight then a delayed flight and NOT telling us More missed work More $ on hotel #WorstCustomerService 
He thanks you. Anything you can do to help. Would any further information help in the process? 
the folks at the Executive Platinum desk are great pros.  They understand my displeasure with change fees and switch to SW. 
thanks, but I had to hire a car in Chicago and drive to MKE. Does that mean I have to go to the airport????? 
can I send you my trusted traveler ID to add to my reservation for tsa pre? 
why do you continually play the "according to federal regulations" every 58 seconds. I could see if you had quicker service... 
are you guys intentionally trying to lose customers and money? 
needs an entire customer service overhaul @Delta would never treat its customers with anything less that A1 service 
SO BAD service in Miami, AirPort.. 
@americanairlines #BQONPA flight #1641 delayed from POS-MIA, missed #2214 MIA- ATL need seat on last flight to ATL. 
@contactcej thanks! 
#customerservice. Sitting on my fourth plane today with a mechanical problem. No excuses for this. Tough to be loyal. 
Do we get a class discount on your wifi? I will be flying your airlines at approx. 4 Am? 
Are you people cruel or just stupid? Why are you posting my personal email on the damn Internet? Have u lost your mind?! 
you ever wonder why you find yourselves responding to so many customer complaints on twitter? It's because your airline sucks. 
im still on hold... 
customer service (if you can call it that) refunded my money 
how do you refuse a customer who is willing to pay to upgrade when half of your first class is empty 
Do you have any flights with lie flat seating from STL to PDX around the date of March 5? 
thinking, those PJs may have me sold @AmericanAir @momsgoodeats We'd #love to have you on board with us! @MandarinJourney here I come 
notifying though? “@AmericanAir: @krescate We don't like Cancelled Flightling flights, Kim, but weather has not played nice with us." 
@TheCandaceSmith Thanks for the shout-out, Candace! Enjoy the ride.” Always! I adore American Airlines! 
is that the flight for tomorrow? 
if it I have not rebooked didn't get notified that it was Cancelled Flightled 
still on hold. After you hung up on me the first time (another 45 minutes!) http://t.co/IMRLAu77iH 
you have a company policy that refuses employees to speak to other employees over the phone? Interesting 
my 2498 to CLT left the gate. What is next for CLT. Need help 
I was suppose to be in FL 4 hours ago. And I'm not. I've been waiting for hours this is just ridiculous 
obviously we did see an agent-booked us for tomorrow morning. No hotel, no transportation. #pregnantwithtwins #stranded #angry 
right so I missed my connection / had a three hour Kay over / then you lost my bag. 
I'm here standing at baggage claim waiting for bags FOR OVER AN HOUR at DFW. The gate is 100 feet from here! #nothappy 
an hour now waiting on the phone for US Air help. 10 hours waiting at the airport yesterday. Love the service guys. 
thanks to your attendant on flight for advising connect flight held.  Ran with kids and flight departed. Poor service at Miami 
Did the policy change? I've seen people with hamsters and rabbits before. 
the issue wasn't a long wait. It was an infinite do loop. Your system didn't let me (or any customer) wait or leave a message. 
thanks.  I actually made it, my connection flight was delayed.  Guess all delays are not a bad thing. http://t.co/XGgCNTco8m 
any idea why flight 5392 from HSV to DFW tomorrow Cancelled Flightled about 45 minutes ago? 
Asked for a waiver of a change fee for flight booked w/in past 24 hrs. Rep was rude. Just told me no. Didn't even try to help! 
@Rizzilient After days, I finally got the automated service to call me back but it hung on me! This is beyond ridicules.  help! 
is there another line I can call when I am on hold for 5 hours? Also how can I get compensated for this loss of time and money? 
4369. about 4 flights all using same gate w/buses to the planes.  Awful boarding process. Hour and a half Late Flight 
Thank you for the response. Much appreciated! 
 TPA - ORD!!! AA1679 Another successful journey, thanks for the hospitality! 
Hi AA ! I placed an itin on hold to expire on 2/27.Just logged into my acct..its gone! Seat hasn't been released to inv. Help? 
she sent you an email 2 customer service the night it happened ur response was basically 2 bad sorry how should she contact u. 
I really wanted to sign up for your airline credit card but your absurd $400 change fee to switch my flight made me think twice 
If it's in my backpack, why do I need to see agent? 
thanks for making this the worst flying experience ever. 4 different planes of mechanical issues and 12 hours and counting 
I had an advantage # and you deactivated it. I don't think you should deactivate a customers acct without their knowledge #help 
we have posted your response on facebook for everyone to see people are appalled by your lack of concern 
LITERALLY just told me they'd rather have an empty seat than my mom get to come earlier &amp; take me to Dr. appointment. WOW 
of delays and trapped on planes with no water or air. Never ever ever again. #neveragain #aafail 
seriously, all flights from Detroit to Dallas are Cancelled Flightled 2 days in a row. I want to get home &amp; see my wife &amp; kids. 
@nrosenb1 It's not allowing me to book available seats 
"sorry you were disappointed" #outoftouchwithreality #people have kids and jobs 
Would it be ok to send you a DM asking a few questions because i'm deaf and been on hold so long? 
You found my lost luggage, won't bring it to me until tomorrow. Next day if the weather isn't nicer. Terrible service 
thanks 
so disappointed with this airline never again will I book with you guys 
on flight 1074 that has been delayed for hours over human errors like a food truck hitting the plane, now the lines are frozen. 
This is getting out of hand. I called Reservations to reserve the seats that it won't let me select online and there's a fee... 
jet slides off icy taxiway at @dfwairport 

STORY: http://t.co/4pONJ3jidE http://t.co/3DCWerZ1kr 
I've just received the ticket. Thank you for your help 
WHAT IS GOING ON?  This is pathetic. Online doesn't work and phone wants $25 to give a seat assignment. 
Again you guys are a huge joke and Cancelled Flight your flight for no reason. This is the 3rd time in one trip for me that you have 
Cancelled Flight my flight saying it is cause of weather condition when it was the only flight that was Cancelled Flight 
your assistance has not been very helpful frustrating disappointing experience &amp; w/small children very inconvenient 
This is getting a bit ridiculous when and you have made me miss 2 full days off work and had to pay for cabs back and forth 
airport and 2 extra nights for hotels and not once have I heard of anything from your embarrassing airline saying that you will 
Pay for my accommodations when you are the ones Cancelled Flightling it for no reason and I know your saying (lying) it cause of weather 
this is the biggest joke I've ever seen and will be telling everyone never to use you guys cause you are a joke 
seats that were assigned are inappropriate for child this age. AA knew age of child. 
thx for the apology.   A commitment to fix your broken system would be better.  Actually fixing it would be better still. 
@louprice13 @aacustomerservice. Apology not good enough. 4 planes with mechanical and 9 hours delayed unacceptable. 
it up :) @AmericanAir 
I loved todays fight. But there was a bad draft on the airplane please add more air to air thanksm 
@USAirways I need to Cancelled Flight a flight I booked earlier tonight. Are you able to do it over Twitter? 
Best planes in the business. NOT? AA5411 today. http://t.co/I7Vdi9WqSF 
Hopefully it's all fixed. They've got a new aircraft for us- just waiting to board. 
yikes. 
unable to access the website.  Will try again. 
Why is your cover photo of TWA? Just wondering. 
yes....twice...for two different flights and occasions 
doesn't care about customers, break your gear and tell u they can't do anything. @WSJ @latimes @chicagotribune #media #filmcrew 
Nope. Couldn't make changes online and after 90 mins on hold and time dealing w/ the rude rep, the 24 hour window has closed. 
which one.?i have been booked on 6 different ones in the past 2 days 
We tried with multiple people. I already sat on the phone for an hour and a half and got nowhere. 
Can I use an SWU on an Finnair codeshare of an American operated flight (JFK-MAN)?  Thanks in advance for the help! 
what is going on with the flight 2417? It has been delay a lot . 
any delays on tonight's flight from DFW to SAT? I have family members on board. 
the Late Flightst usair4603. Earlier 4591 
what can AA do for a load of people about to board their 5th plane of a very long day when the first 4 were unserviceable 
What are Preferred Seats? 
Just followed you. 
absolutely disappointed in your lack of service. Lost my bag and can't even deliver it after I was told it would happen. 
to add insult to injury, I have to go pick it up myself. Real class act! I'll stick the Delta from now on. 
do you guys have wifi on international flights? 
Late Flight again geez flt2417 #Late Flight #delays #typical 
no space in my seat but thanks to your pilots I'm back 25mn early to Ohare!! Didn't think that was possible!! #sna2ord #1644 
With snow/ice forecast DFW Tu pm-We am what is change policy on reservations we hold Wed morning? Any leeway?? 
we had to sit in the airport a long periolodicly time. the planes were nasty 
I booked it on US Airways site. Don't see a Cancelled Flight link :( 
Glad to hear that there were no serious injuries in the minor crash @dfwairport this evening. 
It says on you web site that u fly directly from ORD to DUB. when I try to book it says you do not. Have you stopped ? 
2hr and 20 min delayed...still waiting...you need to do something to improve... http://t.co/1m36NTPTR8 
Great, then tell me how you will fix it? @Suntimes @WSJ @latimes @nytimes #media #filmcrew #photography #cameragear 
My sister just received a call that her trip Wednesday (flts 2348/3499) was Cancelled Flightled and resched to next day. Why? 
yeah and what are they gunna? Nothing your whole organization is a joke 
even followed me, but I still can't get them to answer their phones. Worst. Customer "service". Ever. #customerservice #fail 
thanks to AA / DART for getting me home in time for work this morning DEN-DFW... didn't have to waste a vaca day @dartmedia 
what about flight 1239? 
sent 
you are beyond redemption. Jfk. Baggage claim looks like a luggage warehouse 
Joanne from your San Diego staff was phenomenal! Give that girl a raise. She handled our #flightnightmare better than anyone. 
now on 5th plane of the day. First 4 all taken out of svc. Scheduled dep 3 p.m. Still on ground ORD 10:45pm 
Is this a serious thread. Maybe you guys should re-read it. #fail 
I am traveling from AUH to IAD via etihad and then from IAD to DFW via AA. Will I be able to retrieve my checked bag in IAD? 
on our way now 
thank you 
YOU FUCKING SUCK 
No apology necessary. It was wind and I was on Delta. XOXO 
my mom tried also. That wasn't the reason they wouldn't change it. Y'all literally said that you'd rather have an empty seat. 
flight veers off icy runway at @dfwairport. Most DFW flights Cancelled Flighted Monday, Flightaware says. http://t.co/atwyiFh6Zy 
So break whatever you want, take no responsibility..Too bad for customer? #media #filmcrew @chicagotribune @WSJ #nytimes @CNN 
Thank you 
I'm at the airport right now and your people didn't know how to react and help me with this situation. Very frustrated. 
do you have hand sanitizer in the bathrooms on your flights? 
try @AmericanAir I heard your crew whisper "she's still at the hotel, she probably doesn't think she has to work until tomorrow" 
You're clueless. A kind rez agnt contacted USAir 4me around midnite, told them what to do. If not that I'd have missed funeral. 
you've got to be kidding. Look at the pictures.  I'm hoping it's on the flight that just came in. The whole story is 2 much 
Not surprised that you were the Fastest Responding US Brand on Twitter for Q2 + Q3 2014. Also 10th fastest in the world in Q3 
$600 Late Flightr, 2 complete itinerary changes, and lost work and time, but yeah "I" got it rebooked 
you know I love this airline, but why are my friends @MEGENTRIPODI @jordnnicole7 having such a problem retaining info they need 
flight veers off icy runway at @dfwairport. Most DFW flights Cancelled Flighted Mon http://t.co/Q37pOWn6uv @Cowboycerrone figures right? 
you have Cancelled Flightled my flights because of my last name. Do the right thing and reinstate my tickets 
follow me back so I can DM you guys 
My bag flew with AA while I flew with Delta, and I'm still not sure whose final carrier is referred to. 
the last was 2339 dfw to ord. Not weather reLate Flightd... Austin leg delayed as well 
#2298. Everyone else  was outstanding. 
tell me you can get me to ABI earlier than 8 pm tomorrow 
I will and I will share with many, many others. #filmcrew #media @WSJ @nytimes @latimes @chicagotribune 
well we cleared customs in AUH. I need to get to IAH after I arrive in DFW. Is it possible to retrieve my luggage in IAD? 
I FOUND MY FOOTAGE!! :D I am so so happy. 
your online site doesn't have flights listed in chronological order, resulting in a mis-purchase. Anything that can be done? 
there are no more flights via united when I arrive to DFW and my car is parked at IAH 😁 
There are only 24 hours to Cancelled Flight or change itineraries booked online and that 24 hours is just about over. Impossible scenario 
glad that you WANTED to help me, but you didn't. Have an agent call me before I rant about shitty service every day 
no not yet. Waiting to be connected to an agent 
when should i expect a response from customer relations 
no not yet. Waiting now to be connected to an agent 
@gerri_elliott You will!! Every chance I get! Thanks for keeping me Exec Platinum. 
- you broke my sick wife's luggage handle going from JFK to LAX...she had to drag her bag thru the airport! #customerservice 
I love the service and cheap upgrades American Provides! One of the best airlines ever! good food, good seats, amazing thanks! 
@BoeingAirplanes I really would love to experience first class on that plane,looks stunning! 
followed!  Sure hope you can help! 
Oh trust me. I am in love. It is so beautiful! 
I look forward to hearing back and hope that my next trip will not be like this 
it's beyond complicated now and it feels like when I used to fly with United. Platinum means nothing. 
that was the worst customer service experience ever. Too bad for you I'm a lawyer. Enjoy my wrath. 
Are you expecting any delays out of #DFW tomorrow morning? 
As an EP who travels 125K+ miles a yr with @AmericanAir , I would expect more from them than this horrible travel experience 
btw you guys should consider making a lounge at Austin Intl. airport! Very popuLate Flightd area! Will help the company for sure👌 
It's sad how I can't afford any long distance trips though. :/ 
@united @SpiritAirPR  @Fioretti2ndWard @ChicagosMayor @garcia4chicago BS that #Noise #Late Flight #NoRahm http://t.co/CFzdJmn0uI 
couldn't get anyone on the phone all day, the flight you rebooked had me missing a conference.We won't be on flt 1568 tomorrow. 
attended to and corrected my complaints via Twitter. Whoa. This is the brave, new world we live in. Thank you, American Air :) 
arrived +-10pm eastern. Had to deplane on the CRJs airstairs to an icy Tarmac. Valet bags sent to carousel, so it was 10:20pm. 
TSA. When I tried to check in the things I've bought your people told me it was Late Flight to do it. So... I want my things back 
how about connecting me with a customer service rep? I'd rather speak to a person than a computer. Thanks! 
Who do I report missing baggage to when baggage claim leaves before midnight? 
gate agents disappeared and customer service agents were miserable and unhelpful. #letdown #neveragain 
thanks  you always be my airline of choice when possible 
they responded. I can't respond to their response. Nor can I speak with someone. #worstcustomerserviceever 
Thanks! 
- thanks. She submitted a damaged bag complaint online...is there anything else we can do? #goodcustomerservice 
were stuck on a plane in Dallas that's supposed to be going to Okc. There's an issue w/ the plane. Any idea on how much longer? 
 your customer service is deplorable. I am disgusted in your company and the ignorant people on the phones for lost baggage. 
just curious. Thanks for the response as always, good or bad. Better than your competition. 
- Reference number to this request: 1-3001408092 
I love the Admiral Clubs! Thanks, hey can you follow me? 
appreciate it!! 
Thanks! Bleh, disconnected! Let's try this again!! 
 and I forgot about that lounge!😂 
no, you should do something about everything happened yesterday... 
 it's not cool that my flight was Cancelled Flightled after sitting on the plane for over an hour. 👎😡✈️ #notahappycustomer #leavingtomm 
doesn't @AmericanAir allow for conversations between upset customers and their customer service?  #worstcustomerserviceever 
If SNA curfew causes diversion, do you provide transportation from LAX? On AA1237 now, pilot not sure if we have time. 
it's not only my bag...it's the complete lack of respect when I called. I was hung up on. And it is my daughters bag 
please allow me to speak with someone. A dialogue would solve this issue better and faster than emailing. 
2284, four hours Late Flightrs and we are finally flying out...too bad I missed my event 
doesn't @AmericanAir provide a means for dialogue?  What is the fear that drives this decision?  #worstcustomerserviceever 
thank you! My lost item was located at ORD and is being returned to me. 
I DM'd you 
hey! I have a name issue on my reservation can you help? 
is the worst airline in the entire world. I only flew them because I had to and it was the nightmare I knew it would be. 
nothing to do with Mother Nature, more like poor commutation. 
yeah, buy me a @Delta plane ticket from San Diego to Detroit so I can fly one of their planes home tomorrow 
I understand that but I'm hoping I can rectify this in advance. I would call but I am in AUH. I just need my one checked bag. 
Thx! I hope so. IAH to DFW to OKC has turned out to be a LONG trip today and I have to work tomorrow. 
but your flight crews &amp; ground crews have handled situation well. Texting notification let me catch a few winks during delay. 
after running from one flight, because we had 10 mins, to our next flight, we then sat on our plane for an hour. 
you guys Cancelled Flightled my flight for today and booked me for tomorrow, so unfortunately i have rebooked. Thanks 
we then had to deplane, and change planes. 
and btwn gate a8 &amp; a15 I lost a diamond earring #dayjustgotWORSE! Pls have maintenance look for it!! http://t.co/UieSR3GHHO 
checked in at Des Moines, lay over in ORD, final destination Austin, Texas.  Baggage was only checked to ORD. 
I'll give a reward for whoever finds and returns to me on Thurs when I fly back thru @dfwairport. I ❤️ these earrings!! 
Cancelled Flightled flight from fresno then rebooked for LAX now flight Cancelled Flightled again and its midnight with no more hotel available??? 
@emxlyy "The wheel was broken when we got it. We swear." 
what kind if airlines do you guys run? The people that got in line first received hotel vouchers? Terrible customer service! 
Okay... If someone does it look for it now my fear is it will be lost forever. It's a very small item. 
*does = doesn't 
my flight was Cancelled Flightled I called they said they'd call back in 1:36. They did And hung up now saying I have to wait 2 hrs!! 
will do. I also passed the website around to other passengers. 
that's absolutely horrible customer service. The person supposed to call me can't immediately call back when disconnected??? 
does not know the meaning of customer service. Nightmare. Paid for direct flight. Bumped to Dallas. Flight Cancelled Flighted. Terrible 
I had a 6am flight I can get no rest because I have to wait another 2 hours to receive an automated phone call. #neveragain 
no no no, YOU DM me, I pay you money and you want to me to reach out to you for help? How about the other way around 
will not help us on the phone, at the gate or in checkin. I book travel for clients and cannot believe the lack of service 
done 
I responded. Your info different than your customer service line 
i have been rebooked for the 7am flight. My questions is, why do some people get hotel and the others don't like myself? 
pity that a machine replied, or perhaps my story not unusual. Expected better response given article in in-flight magazine. 
after losing my bags for 4 days&amp;charging me $475 to"arrange pick up"in argentina,claiming tollfree: won't reimburse me. Help! 
just hoping/praying for a safe flight. They've had to stop and de-ice our plane yet again😞 
its not weather thats why i said the other people received hotel rooms while the people at the end of the line did not get them 
TY! But, their site says " Please note that we do not offer a print subscription service for American Way. ..." 
yes. No one is answering and I'm on a train 
oh, yeah. I guess those are two different things. 3 am does weird things to my brain. Thanks again! xox 
I did twice.got a letter back saying that your company "doesn't issue refunds for phone bills" help!phone will be shut off 
they are giving cots to the people that did not get hotel rooms...that is terrible.. 
thanks for the generic computer generated response. How about you accommodate your travelers instead of just saying sorry 
WORST SERVICE EVER!! Delayed flights for more than 5 hours plus you missed my bag! And your employees are rude 😡😡 
terror story my luggage was delayed both ways on an international flight for over 5 days total #angrycustomer 
worst experience of my life avoid at all costs they will lose your belongings and have no humanity to even offer compensation 
I have filed multiple complaints. I prefer to continue warning the public instead of wasting more time with this inhumane corp. 
try contacting everyone on that flight with a refund offer and we might believe you are sincere 
yes but you are still human I hope, dealing with all the horror stories people share... I complained to DOT. Everyone should 
I tried, EXTREMELY RUDE. Even the supervisor. And when I asked to speak to HIS supervisor I was told no 
another generic response guys? Cmon. You're terrible. How about an actual helpful person? Not all the rude employees at LAX 
over the last year 50% of my flights have been delayed or Cancelled Flightled.  I'm done with you. 
offered me a cot to sleep on?After they Cancelled Flightled my flight. A fucking cot. What about a hotel, like you're supposed to provide 
I have emailed several times.hand wrote a letter,went to airport,called.please fix this! Or @abc7newsBayArea please help! 
lovely flight back from MIA to LHR - great crew - thanks :-)) 
gah this is so frustrating! Nobody has my address here in the USA. Where are my bags!?!? So disorganised!!!!!!!!!!! 
Such a suprise! New vanity kit set for frequent travellers 😀 thank you AA! http://t.co/fA7Nygn1Ux 
I was rebooked on a flight that was too Late Flight for my connection! 
nothing, you have done enough. 
no I've since rebooked with another airline, what I would like is compensation for all the time/money lost! 
I tried when I landed, but there was no-one there.  I've emailed your customer service twice now who don't seem to care. 
or at the very least an explanation on why no one told me my flight was Cancelled Flightled! 
no; I just expect a higher level of customer service &amp; for the flight crews to give us accurate information 
just went to check into flight 24 hr advance, again husband and I are seated separately for 6hr flight! why does this happen?? 
thanks for the canned reply. 
Thank you for the acknowledgement. The IFE didn't work all that well anyway so maybe time to upgrade to lower profile system. 
Plane Veers Off Runway at Icy Dallas Airport http://t.co/DW6VDvqXBB 
We all did! Skipper's walk-around too :( 
@Slacksoft_uk I saw an American 767 in old colours at @HeathrowAirport on Saturday! Was surprised to see! 
I've been trying to change a Thursday flight and there's a ridiculous wait time on the phone, and your website isn't helping 
leave us stranded, send baggage with important medication to different city for 4days&amp;apologise with a $50 voucher. appalling. 
already did- reply was "sorry. we believe this to be fair." as a journalist writing an article on my trip i will include this 
Policy makers need to change their mindset on aviation. Flying is not for... http://t.co/DQnn0Rf1V8 
We did talk with Delta for about hour over phone, and I got a number from Delta that they asked to give to AA, which I did. 
Thanks, both airlines said that it is located at AA Detroit. Also was informed that it flew with AA, which shouldn't matter. 
I'm trying to choose my seats but every time I go to the next flight I get system error 
Alright prove it: (1/3) 3 days ago, I sat on a plane at JFK for 3 hrs, deplaned for 3 more, and when I re-boarded... 
Flight 1679 (N76200) prepares for flight at @FlyTPA before departing for @fly2ohare http://t.co/XbKvcraOKn 
(2/3) ...I sat on the runway for 4 MORE HRS b4 takeoff (10 hrs Late Flight, 4:30 AM). Pilot plainly stated it was a comp/mech issue. 
you really need some customer service training for your unhappy EEs in the morning in Chicago. Gate K20 at 430 chking her schd 
@Delta Maybe? Long trip, Late Flight night &amp; queues at baggage claims in two terminals, no good. I thought I paid for it 50$ instead. 
Of course you are because that's your companies job! You guys failed at it in the first place. Upgrade me and then we'll talk. 
 oh no she left the counter and went downstairs.  Then she told Elise an agent that joined her not to come over to counter. 
the pilot her and another flight attendant left walking away laughing.  Just wow 
I know your policy. Just asking for a little kindness due to extenuating circumstances. 
needs to get their shit together. 2 counter people &amp; a massive line. People need to catch their flights! http://t.co/4MQFMxeBXt 
when you strand someone in a city without luggage you would think AA would want to earn your business, but guess not? 
You don't have those abilities anywhere! Not at the ticket counter, at cust service, or online. That's why we're done here. 
merged airlines do not work for FF programs. Very frustrating and the gate agents are to busy pouting to care. #AttitudeIssues 
would have been had I seen this before 1130pm EST, when I was sound asleep. 
machines are broken, lines are out the door for self service, cust. Support, and bag check in. 
what's the point? So I can wait for another 6 weeks. U r one of the only airlines that refuses to handle complaints by phone 
yes it is in Dulles and I need it delivered to the Embassy Suites in Herndon, VA. I'm still in Chicago from the fiasco in LAX 
Ps, I was right. 
Super Spring Tides and “Tide of The Century” Drawing tourists to French and U.K coasts:
http://t.co/gXdqORtsS0 
great answer.. “@AmericanAir: @JayFranceschi Our agents are checking in passengers as quickly as possible. We appreciate your patience.” 
it isn't good enough. You need to provide a phone number. Other partners do. Should be investigated by @IATA @TheFAAOnline 
is it right to provide faulty seats on flights plus damage a $350 bag and not replace and shrug the damage off? Flights from... 
you Cancelled Flight both flights yesterday and rebook me in middle seat. Not acceptable. Upgrade to emergency row would help. #nothappy 
they were no where to be found at Midnight Last Night! I would think the agent in LAX could have relayed that info.Bag on flt 
LAX-OGG-LAX using hard earned miles and was given lousy service, faulty seats on both legs and damaged bag. Your customer care 
is non existent and I will take this as far as needed.Why hide behind a corporate logo? Provide a number #tcf #useless #amateur 
Embassy Suites
13341 Woodland Park Drive
Herndon, Virginia, 20171 
US 
+1-703-464-0200 
You should be apologizing for your rude sales reps and failure to offer anything other than trite, condescending platitudes.... 
record number is BPDFPP. 
I shared my experience several times (AA Ref#1-2990176298), but AA's response is senseless, weather was not the cause!!! 
just wow Regina just told me I can't file or request a lost bag statement until I finish my travel.  So until I get to DC argg 
face palm!!! Cannot believe the last 24 hrs 1.5 hrs of sleep and No and no and what you can't do...... 
try this. DPDFPP 
I'm flying into DCA my bag is at IAD.  I am already Late Flight for my meetings at work.  I will call the number when I land 😭 
that's what is on my ticket and my confirmation email. Anything else? 
3 months of straight travel ahead. Time to find new airline. 
@USAirways So who do I need to talk to to ensure the statement is sent to my bank so I can get the credit for the charges? 
@USAirways Statement wasn't sent yesterday like Jeanine said. After I even called last night as well. Again, excellent service 
re-staff and commence new policies because your industry is so embarrassed by you. 
did that yesterday. On the phone with them now 
too Late Flight now. Boarded, exit rows taken. Could not have gotten worse. Guy next 2 me should've bought 2 seats. #miserablemorning 
just need to know why it wasn't done like it was promised it would yesterday 
so I have to call back at 9 since the department is closed. This has to be the biggest bunch of bull! 
this has to be the absolute WORST EXPERIENCE EVER! 
so great AA1103 sitting for an hour first technical problems now what? 
fortunately the window seat was a no-show. Able to scoot over and create space. 
especially during a death in the family and still no solution. 96 hours and counting...Thanks 
are you a bot? Haha always same lies from you! 
Thank you for the info! Changes need to be made over the phone, correct? Is there any way an AA agent can call me directly? 
Sorry that is a sad answer a fully refundable first fare and no response in 6 weeks ! No more AA in my future ! 
and @CVGairport get it together, perfect combination for delays and Cancelled Flightlations 
there's a lot of talks and no doing. 
MIA-SFO on a 20+ year old plane #nonewplanes #old #shame http://t.co/TwETPXUpPN 
she has  the guy u served drinks 2  til he needed awheelchair to get off the plane is a more important then the assaulted women 
is rising like the sun at DCA this morning.  @NATCA members have the best view. #avgeek http://t.co/VAhdekVOKe 
the motor that usually starts the engine is broke and @CVGairport ground crew failed to do it on time, per pilot #maintenance 
If you are sorry, answer my claims (AA Ref#1-2990176298, 1-3001885409 and : 1-3001885409) accordingly, without using "weather" 
Your customer relations dept has one-way e-mail. How is not allowing responses helpful? 
"Thank you for contacting American. The email address you have written to is an unmonitored account” 
thanks! Flight 2160 today. Great crew! 
That’s a rather clunky process. Whoever designed that clearly doesn’t understand e-mail 101. 
Horrible service @loganairports. Luggage got destroyed on flight and woman at baggage service was so rude. Didn't help at all. 
Requiring customers to fill out all the contact information each time seems designed to prevent or limit interaction. 
travel week, delays, Cancelled Flightlations, "if you want to learn more about the merger press 1", delay my connector in Chicago #deice 
Amazing to watch @chasefoster (who travels with celebs all over the world) show the youth of America who *not* to fly with. 
@chasefoster. Was just about to book a flight to UK using @AmericanAir, but after reading this exchange, there's no way. I've sent 
oh I will, AA on speed dial 
Uwon't allow me2make changes online, force me2sit thru excess phone wait times&amp;still insist charging crazy fees. Thats service? 
I would love to say the same but it's not so much. 5hs flight, no internet, no personal A/C, 20yr old plane. #NoFunAtAll 
I fly weekly with you and haven't seen one 
thank you for the robotic and non helpful assistance. 
having trouble Flight Booking Problems a seat on US84 11 March, operated by AA. Neither airline's website will allow seat selection? 
The flight is the wrong day. Confirm # USXLON. Departure on 5/21 should be 5/22 for 2 people 
Had my flight changed from US Airways to you, now I can't get two seats together. Can you help? 
hi when will your next set of flights be out for next year from Dublin??? 
She told us we had to drive back to drop it off so they could attempt to fix it. Really? Don't have time to do that. #terrible 
Thank you. 
Delayed: AA3186 - Missed due to delay: AA3186 - New flight now delayed: AA2401 
really? That's it? Not even a "we are looking into this to see what happened/what we could do better next time" 
your cabin 'thank you' message reminds people about having choices when they fly. I will be choosing another airline next time. 
...have you seen Blue? Go look it up :) 
was hoping for 8A if possible, for some frozen views along the way! 
140 characters aren't enough to describe how inconsiderate your employees are 
@superyan I did not get any compensation after Cancelled Flighting my departure TWICE and made me missed my own wedding. 
again, no special meal catered for me in F JFK-LAX. thankfully i'm on qantas the rest of way-i fear what youd NOT cater on that 
as your flight attendants are an extension of your brand - bitchy flight attendants on 5:30 am flights are not appreciated. 
 Yes I do bit you don't follow me so I can't DM you 
Good morning!  Wondering why my pre-TSA check was not on my boarding pass this morning?? 
but not sufficiently sorry to actually *do* anything about it, I guess. Your systems are presumably beyond reproach or reform. 
One question.. my wife didn't get the bonus. Should I call about it today? 
@USAirways stated before I'm not getting any help there. Tk over 8 hrs yest to spk to a live person then told to chk the site. 
great job TYR ground crew...now let's get this bird outta here!!!  Tell flight 3200 to wait on me...be there in 45 mikes! 
3659 from SGF -&gt; DFW. You might want to clear off the ice for the planes landing. 😳 
 They said it works 80-90% of the time, DFW security entrance C26. Before/after pre-check, whereas I paid for the service. 
Thanks, have emailed them. How long should I expect for a response? 
excellent!  Love you guys!  If it is first class I'll hug ya'll!  See you shortly! 
fantastic thanks! Will try and tweet a photo of the view :) 
Your AA3465 staff are refusing to allow a woman to board. She was here at 8 for 8:16 departure. Sign still "Now Boarding"... 
yes starting w/ flight 1278, getting me home more than 48 hours Late Flightr. record locator BSUXLU 
Disappointing lack of kindness toward this person. The agent asked her counterparts "why this person was talking to her". 
She was at gate on time though, they made her cry, and made a scene for 10 mins instead of boarding her. Plane still outside. 
She seems a little preoccupied - that's why I'm bringing it to your attention. I am just flagging an issue as an observer. 
thanks for the great customer service. Family made it back to SAT safely. The weather at DFW made things a little worrisome. 
I lost my (basket) ballbag on your plane 
 thanks for making the worst fly experience ever. Will never book again with your airline. Train your flight attendants better. 
  What is that!? Why even bother catering dog food that no one will eat ? http://t.co/iFESPcBzTm 
when will there be wifi on the DCA-STL route?  2 hour flight, could use some love! 
- 6 months ago best catering out of all domestic airlines. Today. Worst on the planet. And I've flown almost all of them 
when will the merging of miles between you and @USAirways be complete? Wasn't it this month? 
 zoom in on the sauce and potatoes.  This stuff is vile.  And I mean vile. http://t.co/m2PHoavRxC 
mission accomplished today, Thank you! 
I’m still waiting - this has been going on far too long. Is there someone I can speak to? 
when will you be issuing a weather advisory for RDU?? the entire state of NC has shut down from the overnight winter storm. 
like the 11c I originally tried for @AmericanAir - again, happy to pay the difference 
you, @AmericanAir! Much appreciated. 
please can you tell me why DFW has a weather advisory and RDU does not? the entire state of NC has shut down from ice &amp; snow! 
The Wichita Falls Airport is the worst, will never fly in or out again.  Unknowledgeable staff. 
You sent me a cheque today which can’t be paid into a UK bank account. VERY annoying! 
it's flight 5348 
@USAirways #Boo! Wack ass terminal 6 @flyLAXairport. No food. No lounge. No Bueno!! Never again!!! 
@USAirways She's on Manch to Charlotte Fl 4628 Told her she could get on a 4pm flight to West Palm Beach. Nothing earlier? 
flight BA1551 departing tomorrow (wednesday) - not Cancelled Flightled but how can anyone make it to the airport in this weather? 
Thank you for being so responsive on Twitter. Truly impressive. 
we're all being told by emergency services to stay home for the next 24-48 hours. 
That what I hoped - contacted them 3 wks ago about this but they have not responded and still issued in US funds. #frustrated 
why thank you!! Yayayay!! 
how do you NOT do maintenance on #MD80 while it sits for two days? Frozen lines found after its boarded? Come on! #faail #mci 
made it!  Thanks AA! 
@Dumas2TTG Good morning, Tamara. We'll try to get you comfortably on a flight as soon as we can.”#NoXTraLegRoom #NoCoatCloset 
@USAirways Yes, obviously! It just stinks that 4pm is the one option when she was supposed to fly at 7AM YESTERDAY. 
don't merge with an airline that ain't ready for prime time and book your elite flyers on it! #NotHappy @USAirways #NeedCoffee 
thank you for replying. Trying to figure out how to get from there from DFW 
I know this is probably a no but is there a way to get a cheaper airfare ticket if the flight is leaving in a few hours? 🙏 
when the pilot announces that the plane has been unused for 2 days and maintenance is dealing with another aircraft.. 
your staff at rsw working the sliver airlines desk is not helpful. We can not get any information about our flight. 
my flight number is 3M 50 
Yes, thank you. Just not how I wanted to start my vacation! 
flight AA1119, cx to AA157. Killing my layover, still wanting breakfast. I'm hungry! Get me to DFW! 
Customer service provides no wiggle room to change flight without a $200 change fee. @southwest has always been accommodating. 
how do I talk to an actual person that will help me, and do what you guys should do? 
thank you AA, this is how I always start my vacations http://t.co/dzKc3auZU9 
ok. There is no one at the airport that is helping us. Another customer got told the flight isn't leaving till 1220 
living in DFW.. Your Hub.. Hate having to fly to JFK to get to Ireland 
thanks for getting back to me. how frequently are these weather advisories updated throughout the day? 
and is there a delay on our connection to pns? 
I wish I could remember all of their names! 
watch out if you are a parent...they break stroller &amp; tell you look at the fine print 
an overzealous stewardess prevented us from bringing in a car seat! #worstflight! 
depends on the terminal, what' the best option? Arrive C, depart A. Breakfast burrito is what I'm craving.. Any update on 1119? 
As I already have a booked flight that I can't use &amp; can't change w/o a $200 fee, Flight Booking Problems a different type of ticket...1/2 
...2/2 doesn't help me. 
there is no local agent! There is no person to answer our questions and their phone service is terrible. 
although you have no control of the weather, you came through with a great customer service 
does it show that we are on the same plane? 
I'll be sticking with @southwest in the future. No change fees, first bag free, and stellar customer service. 
thanks for the recommendation. We've been sitting here for 45 minutes, last update was 35 min ago. 
no repair made to the water line. No potable water on board this flight. "We will take off soon." Time for new planes MCI&gt;DFW. 
once again flying AA4285, once again 60+ min delay because of mechanical issues. Perhaps you should consider maintenance? 
I understand the need to drain the lavatory fearing freezing but why no policy on checking that before boarding? smh come on... 
is there any way to manually add gift cards to an ex-EU ticket( AA metal on long haul,BA for intra-EU)? 
my seat is disgusting. Old and dirty. When are you going to refurbish this plane?  US Air 597 jfk to phx 
If the flight I selected online was what was ticketed I would not be missing my connection. I need help getting to DFW or IAH!! 
@cityandsand we're trying to coordinate an airport hand-off of Nutella! #veryimportantproject 
yes I do I am traveling to Marsh Harbor 
the whole plane is the same. How old is this plane?  The seats leather is coming apart ay the seams. 
drop me a follow I need help 
I need to go to YYZ tmr morning 8am. I switched to United already, but my bag is still off in AA la-la land. 
Thank you for the quick customer service today. #RefundProcedureNotTooPainful I know that Winter Weather is not your fault. 
what's the status of flight 3494 XNA to DFW. I'm getting different reports? 
simply amazing. Smiles for miles.Thank u for my upgrade tomorrow for ORD.We are spending a lot of time together next few weeks! 
I am dealing with the reFlight Booking Problems agent in the Miami airport now 
Connection is US2065 
there is a fat man stuck in your airplanes bathroom 
help http://t.co/hYrAo7A4Uu 
Just got a call from baggage dept. "...still looking for your property". It's went missing 1/28. PRERECORDED NO HUMAN SERVICE!! 
here. feet are freezing b/c doors have been open. Flt time was 8:30.  We have fuel but now waiting for "rampers" #AA4285 
great thank you 
Is it possible to change the FF number on a passenger on a Flight Booking Problems, it won't let me change it? 
My ticket was booked with AA with miles..... Sorry we sold you a ticket with a company we merged with but we can't fix it? 
Thanks guys got some sleep. Hang in there DFW with bad weather. 
Well I'm showing I am still sitting at the gate on the plane that has not departed? 
over 70 days  no contact from a human or apology letter. @AmericanAir is #yucki. Read all about it soon http://t.co/9R9OmzQAVI 
4285. Apparently we’re told, staff on the ground keep promising to come and they don’t. 
No, had already waited an hour for it and wanted to get home. 
I can DM it to you, if you follow me 
Is there lack of communication/competition between the American and the Air by any chance? 
but the issue is were waiting on rampers to close the door..only to waste more fuel&amp;likely to be told we need more fuel.#cycle 
Yes, talked to them. FLL says is at central. Central says is at FLL and here we go again. I'm betting this will go 6 mths 
I'll DM you. 
Your response has been incredible. Truly amazed at the steps you have taken to enhance your customer relations. Big thank you 😄 
I picked the nonstop flight bc I had things to get to. Should’ve taken diff route or airline I suppose! 
forgot to select my ksml on my flight to LA and it's a few minutes under the 24 hour mark. Is there any way to change it? 
Not here yet, but I plan on it. If you could have them fly low and slow right in front of me, that would be great. ;-) 
sitting on plane in Columbus, supposed to leave an hour ago. Now the mechanic can't find a tool to service the shock absorber. 
my boss is :) 

Hello...My baggage has been lost in another city. Can anyone help me with this? 
Lets hope it stays that way.Big thanks to your ground/outside crews all across the US the last month. Great FB post yesterday. 
DM me and I can explain the whole story. I should have been on an earlier flight not US1937 
now we are waiting on nitrogen for the struts and the airport nozzle is not calibrated so they are trying to find another??? 
Traveling with my infant: Do you check the carseat for free? If so, do you provide a bag? Someone told me but wanted to confirm 
Hi guys.I have 2/25 RNO-DFW tomorrow.Plane coming from DFW with bad weather in AM.should I consider Fê-route as I have connect? 
the communications seems to be an issue too, no? 
and it gets disconnected due to the lack of WIFI strength “@AmericanAir: @MauererPower Have you reached out to @Gogo for help, David?” 
I guess I was one of the select few that hadn't had many problems before this and all the sudden my whole trip got jacked 
thanks for finally letting me get through to book my flight. Frustration  set in... #donedeal #talktoahuman 
thanks for the update 
guess that's what I get for bragging on you. I fly you by choice unlike others who fly because they don't have other options JS 

Thank you for responding...My laptop is in my bag and I need it for work. I am worried. The file code is UTEVGW. 
Thanks for the quick response - it's appreciated! 
To announce DURING BOARDING that you chose to limit catering to the point that you WILL run out shows a lack of planning, IMO. 
Oh that seems to have undone the seat selections in MCE. We only wanted the CX card on there to select the free seats 
and then wanted to change it to BA for Avios. 
Oh they seem  to have reappeared now lol 
Lost and Found is like talking to a hormonal teenager who refuses to talk to you. #useless #wastedeffort #FAIL 
How are you going to compensate all of whose days/plans have been ruined because of the AA3490 delay/pending Cancelled Flightlation? 
Yes I am. 2495/1170. RNO departure at 1229 on 2/25 w/connection at DFW to LGA. I can do the 1120am to LAX and then to JFK 
fly my child 
The pilot admitted to us that this delay is entirely because of AA incompetence and poor equip checks. 
Lots of upset people, freezing terminal, and no gate agent. Kept us waiting on plane beyond allowable time length. 
I guess that is your way of saying thanks for sharing but I can't help you, Good Luck. Happy Birthday to me. Ugh 
Airline trouble this winter &amp; not getting good customer service? contact http://t.co/aQjn4HwNaC  we negotiate w/companies forU! 
now I understand!! 
do you offer group pricing discounts by any chance? 
Kudos to the captain and crew for handling fustrated people while dealing with the preventable issues and shortcomings by maint 
Waiting an hour now for a pilot AA3688. Is there a pilot in the house at DFW? 

Can you tell me what that means? I work and just need an estimated time of arrival please? I need my laptop for work. Thanks 
Is large Wichita Falls Airport not receiving any arrivals? I have called and no one answers. I been waiting for 1 day 
stop sending me back to "customer relations "I have hand written a letter to them, send in a letter, called them, no help!! 
have your experts seen this? this is right at RDU airport. http://t.co/mPliO6DYgn 
and it's not a inconvenience it is a disaster. It's A $500 phone bill from you that you refuse to pay 
hi we have lost and found solution we want to offer for free to assist with contacting people when items are found 
why is raleigh not on the updated southern states advisory??? 
really needs to get a a clue and start treating people like humans, not animals.  #americandairlinesSUCKS 
I need refund. 
#AmericanAirlines says most bags left in Miami have been returned following mechanical glitch &gt;&gt; http://t.co/Ib8kyjBCJM 
I need an answer why we can't get into Wichita Falls. 
Filled out a baggage claim over the phone last night. Check the status to discover the rep confused Arkansas for Alaska 😒 
oh it's nothing my issue was already resolved and I am in the air 
The flight was delayed 5 times. Spent almost 40min on the tarmac. I'll reconsider my future flight options. 
Please explain why it costs almost the same price of a full roundtrip fair to only change the departure time of a flight? 
just look at RDU airport. please think about the safety of your passengers. we cant get to RDU safely!

http://t.co/wDyEkVB1Ze 
Are you expecting delays/Cancelled Flightlations at Dallas on 25/26th due to the snow? Nothing like Monday I hope! 
if i want to change my flight due to weather conditions in Dallas this weekend, i should be able to cover change fee with miles 
I'd love to take my seat, but it appears as though someone already has.  #disappointed #upgrademe #wtf http://t.co/9Gx5mMmubb 
Can't unload flight #3322 because jetway is broken.  #steps #planB? #waiting nearly an hour 
well have all day and all the time in the world 
if I've booked an AA award on USAir metal, and space opens up on AA metal, can I change to the AA flight without fees? 
#TT to my friends @AmericanAir . Hope the weather isn't causing you too many headaches. 
do you still use DC9's? 
Flight 2559 it's been delayed every hour since 8:55 am. 
why does it feel like I'm being nickeled and dime to enjoy a flight with AA? I purchased a tkt but have to pay extra for a seat 
@USAirways if this is how your merger is going to go, you fail! Huge probls w/comm on DFW storm. Cxld rtrn flts. NOT COOL!!! 
Any reason why my 1463 flight to Chicago is boarding and I still don't have a seat assignment? Seriously? 
I'm sure they did. It's certainly chilly back East today! 😮 
um. down south has snow too #ATL 
Would have had to fly real far south, huh? #WinterWeather #Brrr 
This is very true. Another reason why we stay South in the Winter months of travel http://t.co/fgJbex480D 
It's been 3 weeks and no reply from customer relations yet.  Running out of time, please help.  request: 1-2888155964    thanks 
I'm sure all these birds will be in warmer weather soon. 
second pic from CDG? 
aren't you glad this isn't you RT @AmericanAir: Bet these birds wish they'd flown south for the #winter... http://t.co/HEpkNpuzwU 
if I could fly an md80/dc10 I would be so happy I live that plane so much md80 is love md80 is life. 

I still think American Airlines is great...I would just like to be treated better. Loyal customers first, right? 
Bet these birds wish they'd flown south for the #winter... http://t.co/tY9C0Gae2o” Lol 
why are @USAirways gold forced to pay for an upgrade? Open seats in 1st and not offered to Gold/Sapphire 
since you don't care about what happens to your passengers on your planes we will now be contacting the Police Dept 
if my flight gets Cancelled Flightled i should be able to reschedule to any date i want, not the next day or 2 days after 
please email me at temorris2010@hotmail.com. willing to discuss my experience &amp; give another try would like to speak directly 
I am trying to change the time of a flight I already purchased and was told I have to pay a $400 change fee. Ridiculous. 
Thank you for responding so quickly to my tweets I do appreciate that. 
 we are going to the police dept due to the sexual assult that your stewardess allowed to occur and your lack of concern 
why did flight 1636 get Cancelled Flightled? Waiting for a rep to rebook, but wondering if there will be other issues getting out. 
hook me up with a free trip to Barbados and I will tell you the secret beaches to see 
yes they do http://t.co/wCSAZZQPae 
When Flight Booking Problems an int'l flight online, do I have to provide a passport number when Flight Booking Problems or just when I arrive at airport? 
great customer service thanks 
@dfwairport That's DFW!? OMG! Yeah cold, everywhere! 
i want to change my flight for next week, they will still charge me. Waiting for fligt status 
1-the lavatory freezes, 2- problem with a nitrogen line 3-a low tire with the inflating equipment malfunctioning #AA2444 and... 
can I get a free ticket to Hawaii for being fabulous 
Thanks for sharing these photos! Round of applause for your crews! We appreciate all their hard work. 
the flight is not going to make the connection to #MEX #AA2444 
You're right. Someone is up to something... 
I can hardly believe it! Bundle up and stay warm! 😉 
Is there a way to add my AA number to an itinerary that doesn't involve sitting on hold for 1.5 hours? 
@dfwairport Guys, let it go. http://t.co/vOxcghciJi 
@dfwairport you 2 together are the best part of flying! 
your definition and mine of 10 min is vastly different. I understand the need to get off the plane for maint, but be honest. 
actually, online indicates the only seating available is at a premium cost..why not allow seat selection at time of purchase 
Can someone contact me about my awful experience with american airlines this weekend 
Thanks! 
@dfwairport me too!!  LOVE LIVING SO CLOSE SO I ALWAYS HAVE GREAT VIEWS! 
I bet they do! I'm sure they have some form of wear and tear on their skin. I hope they will survive the rest of the winter xxx 

Not giving you a hard time...Just looking for basic customer service after AA lost my bag. ETA on it's return, please???????? 
Fuck you. 
we have been advised to turn this issue over to the police due to the sexual assult THANK YOU FOR ALLOWING THAT ON YOUR PLANE! 
Nice to read it! Thank you very much! 
change fee = same price of new ticket... Not logical 
you could train your flight attendants to have some manners and decency 
I sure do. I'm running version 3.10.0 
I understand. But why is this the only flight of the day not going out? Twice?! I'm now out of extra meds and diapers for baby. 
The issue is the lack of consideration of an announcement made so Late Flight when the gate agent had been there for over an hour. 
my flight to DFW from LIT on my way to PDX tomorrow was Cancelled Flighted. Can you help me? 
4th flight rebooked to is NOT Cancelled Flighted! Woo-hoo. Going to make it to @LaGuardiaAir 
It is now going to be reported to the police due to the sexual assult sad that you didn't care 
I was happy to purchase the upgrade. If only it was avail on my next flight. 
any idea on what the wait time is for refunds from @USAirways? I was told a few days over the phone - but it's well past that. 
so you fail again flight to rdu sitting waiting on flight attendants. your logistics are not good 
@lpalumbo what weather sun is out 
We hope you enjoy the #WinterWeather and brought your warm coat and gloves, Maria!” Yup! New beanie http://t.co/AnEqXZR4bp 
Thanks so much! 
car accident on my way to the airport. Missed flight from rno to dca. Trying to resched but your line has 2 hr wait 
Flight 35. I'm on my way. 
You've misunderstood. @USAirways WOULD NOT do a same day flight change for me. The gate agent said, "NO." 
another day another grievance with this airline. No customer service 
I'm frustrated by all of the @USAirways attitude toward #ExecPlat members. #thenewamerican 
@beantownmatty Sounds like a date! 
we are off to Kax premium.  Hoping this flight is better food, TV now I know how to work it and service. Tnx 
thanks for the info Is there a number I can call to speak to a person? It's going to take an hour to type it out 
got off the phone @AmericanAir customer service. Only 8 minutes to get my issue resoled. You guys are awesome. 
I thought all those planes were retired? #MD80 
You Cancelled Flight my flight and there’s no way to rebook on the website or app? I have to wait 35 minutes on hold? #fail cc @Delta 
how about some rampers at gate b40 dfw?   Waiting to be marshaled in 
new plane, #gogo, easy power for laptop, iPhone, just missing a good boat-style swivel cup holder for my #dietcoke #happyflier 
These are some awesome photos. Thanks for sharing! 😁 
Aww Thanks AA..DFW was on GMA up here this AM..so i understand ..Btw A.A is my Airline when im able to trv..Love you guys.:) 
thanks! 
this delayed bag was for my friend Lisa Pafe. She got her bag after 3 days in Costa Rica. Issue no updates on your system. 
that doesn't really answer my question. Maybe if I provide more details you can give me clarification... 
None of the #LAX flights into #DFW have been Cancelled Flightled. Those landing before and after ours are fine. Completely arbitrary. 
I know. Just a little cold weather humor. :) 
When will the old 777-200 fly ORD-PVG get upgraded? 
origin/destination/dates are the same. Going from US Airways connecting flight to AA direct flight. Award is saver level. 
my key point of confusion is whether I can make this change even though the initial Flight Booking Problems was on US Airways metal? 
I'd like to apologize to the gate agent for flight AA76, I was not aware that zone 1 was after the nine other precious gems. 
can u help rebook passenger via Twitter/DM.  Been on hold for 1.5 hours. Thanks! 
I'm not sure what happened to my USAirways status when the merger took place. 
Right. But more than two hours Late Flight, and it seems due to poor communication, which sounded like it was annoying on-plane staff 
said that AA does not provide in-flight wifi on the routes to China based on some federal laws, but United does, why is that? 
robocalls me with another Cancelled Flightation. And then when I don’t accept the change it won’t let me connect to an agent. Just wow. 
but, what I can always rely on when I fly USAir or American is that employees will be rude and unhappy. 
flight 65 delayed over 4 hours on 2/22, had no GF meals despite my early request, attendant seat fell on my leg #badservice 
extremely upset that your baggage handlers decide to go in my luggage and take my belongings 
my flight 386 to Dallas from Jacksonville fl has been Cancelled Flightled. No one has notified me. What's going on? 
awesome. Thanks! 
great, thanks! 
my flight 386 from Jacksonville fl to Dallas is showing Cancelled Flightled. What is going on?  Am I rebooked on another flight? 
These birds could fly to South America for example #Argentina 
"Airport snow removal method #22..."
Keep up the good work folks, this is where Cessna's become 747's! http://t.co/oUmC1LrXDN 
flight 1181 out of Vegas to DFW. Cancelled Flightled Sunday and Monday, no whammie today! 
AND they Cancelled Flighted my flight and left me with no help to find a hotel to stay in. I slept in an airport for a night-_- 
and @iTunesMusic have put me in bad mood. I haven't been this angry since Spagnuolo coached the #Rams 
@Clarkey_19 we done it with 1 truck... No biggie 😄 
I am looking for help on USAirways award travel booked for wife and two boys, no seats assigned. 

It's not what happens to us that matters...It's our response that matters. Way to drop the ball AA. 
pretty lame response to a two paged single spaced letter http://t.co/aCebo6ELPa 
why am I continually getting put on hold by painfully inexperienced people when calling your Platinum desk?! 
don't worry you won't steal my money again 
lost my cats, missed their flights, kept them crated 30 hrs for a  would-be 5 hr trip. You'll never touch my pets again. 
- keeping AA up in the Air! My crew chief cousin Alex Espinosa in DFW! http://t.co/0HXLNvZknP 
continues to win: I've never missed a flight before, but a nice little quiet gate change made it possible. Sheesh. 
worst company ever please do not fly with them I repeat please do not fly !! They will not credit you if you're delayed 
Yes to the iOS. I'm running iOS 8.1.3 
they will just say dumb things to beat around the bush ! If you're flight Cancelled Flightled be prepared for no compassion from them 
cost me over 200 dollars because flight was Cancelled Flightled and couldn't even give me a food comp!! Fly @JetBlue @Delta they take 
good care of their customers if anything happen to then take you @Delta  for getting me back to NYC !! Screw you @AmericanAir 
Its not that I wasn't offered "perks" by @USAirways.  I ASKED and was told, "NO." #thenewamerican 
Would love to DM you, but my Twitter app says you're not following me and I can't. 
what's the status of flight 1357 out of sju? 
Aww cool! It's nice to know they are still up above my head then. One of my faves. 
you guys are killing me. http://t.co/22iPGeIcSm 
Here is the photo ;) http://t.co/VMqUURZUpW 
come on I just want to go home I can't miss another day of work #stuckinmemphis #texasisclosed 
That's ok...You may keep my $25 and lose my bag with no info, but you no longer have my trust. Bad way to handle this. 
delayed on the way to Puerto Rico and delayed on the way back to New York, this is disgraceful 
Your response could have made all the difference. It could have made the situation better. NO TRUST...GET LOST like my bag. 
“Inconvenient” is such a convenient word. 
- Please find my bag!! In Singapore for three days already without my bag. Last known destination LAX Tag: 580815 Please help. 
OK I will call them likely tmrw UK time to question the process getting the change charge reversed due to a bereavement 
spent $8 for the choppiest feed of "Whiplash" ever. #americanairlinesfail #iwantmymoneyback 
thank you for the confirmation. 
I need a flight out tonight. Isn't there anything else? 
@RobertDwyer AA doesnt charge any fees to change award tickets as long as the origin, destination &amp; award type remains the same 
thanks so much! 
i ordered it as i always do. But on a 9hour flight delayed for 4 hours, it was worse than ever before when you forgot my meal. 
@pbpinftworth iPhone 6 64GB (not 6 plus) 
narrowly made standby...lots of snags this trip! 
did you know that suicide is the second leading cause of death among teens 10-24? 
I tried to book a rwrd and was told I couldnt. Bought tix on USAir (now AA-no choice) didn't bother to + AAdv# with this svc... 
I have been on hold w/customer service line for 68 minutes.  This after I was on phone with an agent for 35 min b/f call droped 
thanks keep me updated just hope I make either of my connections to Killeen Tx 
thanks!! 
don't worry. I'll be sending a letter with what I expect from you for compensation. I fly twice a week w/you guys...for now 
yes yes yes,so glad to be headed home! 
Trying desperately to get my boyfriend booked on the same US Airways flight as myself for the same price. Can you help? 
Checked in on app since yesterday. Confirmed upgrade &amp; carry on, got to counter &amp; manager upgraded somebody else on my seat! 
that's 16+ extra hours of travel time. Missed vacation time and now you guys are messing with my professional life. 
got back eventually! Was a rollercoaster. Once I got to the airport &amp; got to speak to someone things got fixed very quick. 
Hi, can you please ticket my award ticket? The status is "On Request" now. Thanks. 
@Andrew_Wasila We're sorry you were uncomfortable, Andrew. What can we do for you?” SMA 
I Cancelled Flighted my flight. I really don’t need this much trouble. 
still waiting for a flight... I should get my money back 
I don't think you should help him at all based on his behavior. The voucher and cot seem like enough lol 😃 
if by near the gate you mean sitting on the plane for almost 2 hours, then yeah. 
submitted a case to AA customer relations two weeks ago, no word ever since! whats the point of even having CR? 
u r horrible.went online to Cancelled Flight flight-no button-4that.Called CS &amp;wait time 40 mins&amp;put in my #.800#called&amp;it hungupNOHELP 
got another flight. Thanks you 
This doesn't address my issue. I am on hold for 30 min to speak with an agent. 
This is exactly why ill be flying AA from @Dulles_Airport to Dallas! Only airline I trust! 
Great, thanks. Followed. 
What happens when you combine Top Chef &amp; the beauty of San Miguel de Allende. My Late Flightst food blog.  http://t.co/7t1rDRCRe6 
Thank you, you too! 
I might look into that. My wife travels much more than I do. Could we both use the membership? 
You are jumping the gun and Cancelled Flighting flights that could've made it before the snow. Now, more Cancelled Flightlations. It's ridiculous. 
r u serious?? 304min #delay with #AmericanAirlines #AA2444 #ohio - #dallas missed my connecting flight http://t.co/DNMsblzumr 
can you connect me to a person without having to wait 2+ hours on hold? I still haven't been able to resolve the problem. 
I did 
thx for responding. I cant watch 2 mins of this film w/out it cutting in and out 4 prolonged prds of time. beyond frustrating 
thanks 
just disappointed with the Flight Booking Problems process and add’l fees to sit together on a more crowded flight. Not impressed so far :-/. 
I purchased Main Cabin XT for f-1571AUS. Flight was Cancelled Flightled and I was rescheduled on 1600 with regular seats. Credit? 
your planes made me miss 2 connections in 2 days. Thanks for nothing 
Do you have any sort of live chat feature? We're in the UK right now and that call would cost us alot. :( 
my flight got Cancelled Flightled from GRK to DFW, then to LEX for tomorrow and I need it rebooked. 
thanks for no fresh food on my cross country flight and for making my connection so close No time to eat. TPA-DFW-LAX 
I sure hope you all can fix @USAirways. Good luck, their service sucks. #nexttimeiwillflysouthwest 
thank you! 
DM the locator code, thanks. 
it's not just frustrating--it was PAID for! how do we get a refund? 
1hr 46 min. Cost of flight change $788. Was $188 2hrs ago b/f drop call. Cancelled Flighted flight. Asked 4 refund. 
is the new 9:45 time confirmed or it may get Cancelled Flightled? Traveling with kids, need to be certain. Thx 
I slept in the miami airport due to mechanical issues and was given 10,000 bonus miles to try and make it right. #slapintheface 
767 seconds from touchdown at Madrid airport in April 2013 #AvGeek http://t.co/1yWXRfn0Gr 
Mold on my flight?!? US3825 #filthyplane #hopeidonotgetsick http://t.co/zIK2UoXGnW 
aa employees were rude and unwilling to help. 10,000 miles is a rotten cherry on top of a dog shit Sunday. #nocareforcustomers 
Believe me, I understand. Flight #2955. Was originally booked for Sunday. Flight was Cancelled Flighted and rescheduled for today. 
sorry so Late Flight, responded to your DM. 
no thanks.  As I said, being denied miles that expired one week ago was the last drop for me; plan to avoid AA as possible. 
stranded for 24 hours in MIA, Patrick casimir has been the ONLY AA staff to apologize for the great inconvenience #unreal 
why would I pay $200 to reactivate my points that are only useful for certain flights that aren't even worth $200? 
thanks for getting back to me. But I will find other airlines in the future. 
we've already made other arrangements ourselves. 
why would I even consider continuing your point program when I received no perks or continued bad customer service? #senseless 
