its cool that my bags take a bit longer, dont give me baggage blue balls-turn the carousel on, tell me it's coming, then not. 
you guys there? Are we on hour 2 of our phone hold at 3am bc of volume or short staffing? 
nice work on the update! 
We have been stuck in SJU for several hours and no one is answering here. Really tough to LUV SW. No response is bad. 
won't answer their phones #HorribleService #NeverAgain #frustrated #AnswerThePhone 
Is it a temporary site glitch or are you no longer offering flights from GRR to GEG after Feb? Can't find any online :( 
Guys, we've got to do something about the inability to check in online for international  flight that has... (1/2) 
flight was Cancelled Flightled and it won't let me rebook online. Wait time on phone is too long. Please help 
allows other passengers 2 harass u after their gate agents mistakeFURIOUS they are doing NOTHING about it &amp; my 6yo was scared 
 this is really unhelpful. Why can't I rebook online? http://t.co/N5O43sVl8i 
on hold for 2 hours and then you hung up 3 Cancelled Flightled flights. Running out of daycare for our kids who are trapped at home. 
why have you guys jacked up the prices AFTER you said prices were going to be lowered? SMH 
thanks do yall expect to be operational tomorrow out of Nashville? 
husband on hold 2.5 hrs, got disconnected!New wait 30 min. Can't confirm res due to the fact he booked on line! Nuts! 
Hoping you answer the phone today? 
been on hold for &gt;30 minutes about my Cancelled Flightled flight. Still not talked to anyone and flight is soon. What gives? 
the last 4 times I've arrived @LASairport our gate has been blocked by a slow to depart plane leading to 30-60 min delays 
- kind of early but any idea when dates through the first week of sept will come available? 
Guys for real. I've been on hold for 4+ hours including one hangup. Please have someone reach out so I can get my $ back. 
can't update my flight online bc it's been Cancelled Flighted twice already. Going on hour 2 on hold. 
I'm showing flight 4720 delayed again. Would my boarding pass still be good or was my seat given away? 
tried to rebook online but it says that I have to pay $200 for difference in price. Please help 
Beautiful, thanks a ton! 
Cancelled Flightled my flight out of BNA today. Been on hold for an hour. 😠 #frustrated! 
mobile boarding passes now available in iOS Passbook! http://t.co/xmRvR4lGEg http://t.co/wJoc9f14SU”@tori_leggieri 
Can you link the article where it says the routes and what times the routes are likely to be? Like TUL-DAL 1:00PM - 7 None 
Hi-My flight (BNA to LGA) was Cancelled Flighted this morning--#1814. Looks like other flights out of BNA are taking off. Any chance? 
I need updates on my flights 464 &amp; 3574. I have been on hold for over 2 hours. 
has the WORST customer service of any airline I've ever flown. 
Where should I fly by May 3rd? Plz advise. 
trying to get through to cust relations. Is there another # to use? 
finally! 
+ @twitter  = outstanding customer service!  Thank you! 
tried online and told I must call b/c of modifications to my reservation. Been on hold for almost 2 hours. 
discount for three delays? 
almost 2 hours on hold, 2 hours of my life I can't get back.... Thanks http://t.co/IyUZM2PUVS 
too bad I'm getting this memo: "Your reservation contains modifications that prevent you from changing it online." #FUSTURATED 
 Thank you. 
I'm an A-list Preferred customer and very loyal SWA. However, your inflight wifi is no better today than it was 4 years ago. 
do you not try to get customers to their destinations? No help to get on another airline if you had no flights for 3 days? 
do you think the flights out of Nashville will be Cancelled Flighted tomorrow? 
trying to fly out of Nashville tomorrow. How is it looking? 
kudos to the #RSW CS crew for re-routing PAX to alleviate Over sale due to down graded EQP 800 now 500 
Flight Cancelled Flightled, reFlight Booking Problems online has not worked, on my second round of hold (3 hrs now). Any other options? 
sent 
I've been on hold for an hour now. 59:57 as I type this. Ridiculous! All I need is the link to the chart that has routes, time 
I've been on hold with customer service for over an hour. Can you help?! 
have you considered adding the "we'll call you back when we have someone free" feature to your support line? 
Trying to get through by phone to confirm that funds from a Cancelled Flightled reservation can still be used in the future. Can u help? 
injured at check in yesterday. U told me to go to dr. on hold with SWA for over hour trying to talk with someone. suggestions? 
just disconnected my call after 2.5 hours without even speaking to me. #octaviannightmare 
thank you. I was given this same reply 2 years ago. Can you direct me to an area I can learn more about the improvements? 
any chance of adding LAX-&gt;JFK direct any time in the future? 
Got it, thanks. Any insight into what will happen tomorrow? 
I've been on hold for an hour &amp; a half trying to change my flight to BNA. Not very happy with customer service right now!!!!!! 
been on hold for over an hour.....not cool, you guys. 
disappointed with customer service right now, my flight was only one Cancelled Flightled at my airport &amp; now I'm losing 2 days from trip 
could you tell me if any upgrades are available on a flight out of STL tomorrow morning. 
damn weather messing up everything #serenitynow 
- any update on flights in to BNA today? 
Great job!! Looking forward to my next trip being able to use this new feature! 
@SouthwestAir condescension must be a quality your co rewards. Your tone reeks of it 
I need to reschedule a flight and I've been on hold for almost an hour. This is ridiculous. Is there a best number to call? 
Great job with the Passbook integration! It’ll really help streamline the commute to San Fran! 😊☕📲✈ 
@challemann flying to LGA in the dead of winter? #jvstatus EWR &amp; JFK is always the intelligent option. 
you've got a mess here at DTW but your staff is doing great. 
F5R3ZZ 
I'm trying to change a family vacation due to Measles outbreak and haven't been able to get anyone on the phone. Any help? 
I am but it says yall are sold out. Me &amp; My coworkers would need to get out first available 
no flights out of #nashville today? Are you kidding me?!?! Why are other airlines flying and you're not?! So frustrated!! 
I noticed the rates increased a few days ago, or the promotion ended. Any idea when another promotion will be coming?? Thanks! 
its all good. flight eventually took off, and landed safely. oh, and I got the free cup o wine. thx 
sure. Fhk2te. Am scheduled to leave this weekend but need to push to October 
and thanks! 
landing early morning @BWI_Airport after snowfall. http://t.co/apRZsPxigE 
45mins wait on the phone with no option for a callback? Finally had to hang up because my phone was dying. #customerservice 
why are flights still getting out of Logan now? You couldn't manage to get one out at 6 AM, when it wasn't snowing! 
Thanks. Yes I got through. Biggest frustration is that I'm no longer able to check in online for my flight after 4 Cancelled Flights. 
I also find it ridiculous that I've been tweeting to you since 3:50 AM EST and have still received no response. 9 hours? 
can you follow me? Flight Cancelled Flightled, can't rebook online, been on hold for 2 hours.  Would love to DM flight info. Thank you. 
myself and 2 others 
the 5:50 is sold out too? 
Thank you.  Twitter says I can't DM someone unless they follow me.  Can @SouthwestAir follows my twitter? 
Twitter says I can't DM someone unless they follow me.  Can @SouthwestAir follows my twitter? thanks you. 
Karen with customer service was very helpful. Thank you for providing one bright spot in a frustrating situation. 
you guys are awesome... #dontchangeathing #luv 
@gruber Finally. 
Finally! Integration w/ passbook is a great Valentine gift - better then chocoLate Flight. You do heart me. 
about time! Thank you! 
is having a sale! I'm delighted! 
any idea on flights to Nashville tomorrow being clear or Cancelled Flightled 
@NotPghTimothy no exceptions for national awards? 
Hi! Thanks! Do you have an exact link to that specific page on your site you can share - or is it under "Flight Status":? Thx! 
LUV Ya Too!!!!  I will sing a song for y'all when I finally get on that plane back to Nashville!!! #LOVESOUTHWESTAIR 
Thanks a ton! 
I need to request a refund on my flight that was Cancelled Flightled this morning due to the weather. 
Trying to add my dog on the flight but can't get through. 
thank you, someone finally answered and was able to change my flight that was Cancelled Flighted bc of ice. Thank you for response 
always when I fly SW. #loyalRRmember 
yeah bruh its bool y'all niggaz just need to hire some more workers or something cause next time imma be forced ta disrespect. 
can i have my bags back   ding!! 
are you kidding me?  I needed help yesterday. I'm now landed and waiting for my connection.  Never will I fly southwest again! 
Flight Cancelled Flightled out of BNA.... Do I have to reschedule now or can travel funds be put back into my account for future use? 
I am following you now. I don't think I can DM until you follow me. 
or you could send me a DM. 
worst customer service, Terrible attitudes. I don't care how big a storm.  Your employees need an attitude adjustment 
followed. 
Already rebooked for tomorrow. Fingers crossed! 
@BernhardtJH I did eventually get through but that flight Cancelled Flightled.  Decided to drive but gave up holding to process refund 
yes. Thank you. Oct 25-oct 31 
You need to be more accommodating to your loyal customers. Not happy now! 
Almost 2 hours on hold now. I just need to Cancelled Flight a flight and get a refund. Other airlines are operating! 
flt 648 from Buf to MCO. Conf#FGKXV5. Please also look into reimburse for car 587701925COUNT that I had to Cancelled Flight 
please send me a number to call to talk to a person and not be put on hold 
no had to rebook my flight myself and am about to board in bham. 
there really should not be guidance to call via phone if you are that back logged. I could have done it online in 3 minutes. 
how about when there are Cancelled Flightlations you just have a link to rebook like you did for initial storm issues? 
can someone help me set up a callback today? 
the person I talked to couldn't do anything not normally available online other than the "no charge" part. 
also, they said they couldn't even book the flight. They were having to put me on hold &amp; have someone else do it??? 
not terribly inspired to call "customer service" in the future now. 
no worries. We got thru eventually. I was just curious. Best of luck to you dealing with the weather! 
and currently as im bringing my 3 year old to the bathroom I'm being rushed by the flight attendant. 
I will.make sure to tell everyone I know about this all around horrible experience. I will also post it on my business page. 
Happily! But you need to follow me in order for me to DM you 
Heard apology ~45 times in the &gt;60 mins I was on hold. Now flying from another airport at a different time but delayed AGAIN 
in my 30 years of flying I have never been so pissed off.  To many incidents for just one flight. 
no worries. You're doing the best u can. Already Cancelled Flighted my biz trip. Still $LUV you! -RR 1079871763 
I absolutely will. Where can I send it? 
I understand a delay but to be stuck on the plane longer than the flight is unacceptable 
Hey SWAir- a very tortured boarding on flight 1971 due to one gate agent having to board assisted folks one at a time. 
they put me on the next flight available.. tomorrow morning :( Any idea if BNA will be open in the morning for my flight? 
super disappointed today. First time we've had to stress and now book a flight on another airline while at the airport 
RDU flights expected to be ok this afternoon and tonight? 
@PaytonTaylor129 I love Southwest and Payton Taylor! 
is there a problem with the website? I tried making changes w/ the app and the site but got "unspecified errors" 
Buying Early Bird was pointless. You moved me to a diff flight b/c first one was delayed, so I lost my boarding position. 
was earlier, for reFlight Booking Problems flight I'm on now. Didn't get a screencap, just said "unspecified error" and to call SWA 
the woman working the counter in philly at 630 this am needs to be fired. Due to bad weather, I along with other passengers 
I think I'm shot. Can't find a flight that arrives before business (SAN) on thu. Really want to go too. 
thanks, got put on the am flight tomorrow.  Don't have much faith it'll get off the ground tomorrow though. 
Ive had on an airline. Everyone else has been great but she soured the whole experience for me. Hope she's not there next time 
- I have spent 87 minutes (and counting) on hold w/ you today. After first 48 minutes, I gave up. Trying again &amp; on 43rd min. 
finally got through. Thanks! 
why are you the ONLY airline that is not flying out of BNA today? 
@CBSsoxfan you get to hold? called twice only to be kicked off.calls 3-6 #phonedied #AListpreferred http://t.co/1TZZ0vbMbS 
an entire flight of luggage missing at #dca.  Over an hour and nobody knows anything. 
I recommend upgrading your IVR and using call back, email, and texting from a know caller. 
Another great flight &amp; crew, Las Vegas-Chicago #3397. Thanks! 
Your onboard wifi is so bad it's taking me 20 minutes to send this tweet.  Working is off the table. #disappointed 
just did, thank you 
Received email w/reso's to my email that isn't associated to SWA account I own with CC info for my sister. #FRAUD please DM me 
do you do auto callbacks so I don't have to wait on hold? 
your gate agent re-routed an impossible itinerary and we had to find a new airline to get us home. Super bummed about this 
good thing we noticed because she had re-routed 7 total passengers on an impossible triple connection as well 
Just sent you a DM with the details. 
please PM me the number where I can lodge formal complaints. Thx 
got it squared away. Thank you. I had a man on the inside help me out! 
chances of flight leaving BNA tomorrow at 6:20 am (to LGA)? 
 Tried to DM you, it won't let me as it says you are not following me. 
thank you for the response. How can I got about getting the points onto my rewards account? 
we desparately need yall to make a nonstop BNA-&gt; TUL! Cmon it'll be popular. 😄 (right, @annebevi @PaulBev1  @MikeAbramson??) 
I got a flight at 11:55am on Thursday but looking for something tomorrow, anything available? 
right but the point was that my kids don't fly often, but I do. I bought four round trip tickets from DtW to PHX so I'm.... 
missing out on over 6,000 points in one account. They're now spread over four assuming I create accounts for them 
from LGA to San Diego 
thanks I think we've got it figured out 
you Cancelled Flightled my flight to BNA. I have flight from BNA 2 MDW tomorrow AM. You stranded me in DEN. I've been on hold all day 
needs to offer a college student discount so i can fly home 😭😭 
Is there any way to add a Known Traveler Number to an existing reservation online?  If not, why not? 
Thanks for the response. Was able to get my situation resolved. Not a fan of Mother Nature today. :) 
Thank you. The email about RR pts &amp; how to gain more wasn't clear so all of mine r gone. Anything u can do is appreciated. 
My brother &amp; his girlfriend’s flight Cancelled Flightled 3 times, now leaving 72 hours Late Flight and dropping letter grades at school. Help? 
- just talking to customer service @united makes me appreciate you even more!  They could learn so much from you! 
where do we start? I've already wasted 1.5 hrs of phone wait time already :-( 
used to love you, but you keep rescheduling my flights.  #southworst 
Thank you so much for stepping up your game and making my day after night of elevator music. Much appreciated. 
haha...yeah i did, just making a joke 
I just sent it over 
flight #211pilot spilled his tea on the radio! Yay for delays! Almost an hour now! 
she's still stranded in DC. Sat until 3:30am with 100 other kids. They were starving, and exhausted. 
what does TSA Pre on my boarding pass mean? http://t.co/0HmmQCzkCf 
Sent. Thanks VP! 
@TomVH just get the RR credit card and get the points of family that way 
been on the phone for about an hour waiting..can you please answer, Thank You!  #notcool 
Nashville airport has runways open. It appears southwest is only airline Cancelled Flighting flights. Is this likely to change? 
Hi there! I just got my known traveler# and would like to add it to a flight that I already purchased. What's my best option? 
been with my GF for 2.5yrs, she's from SF &amp; I live in Tulsa. SWA always takes me there to see my love! #SouthwestLuvSweeps 
How? It is not possible to call SWA on the phone. You put me on hold for an hour and then cut me off. 
not yet! Supposed to get it early evening tonight. Don't want to have to go to the store and buy new necessities. 
I understand. Wonderful "Miriam" in customer service who was able to reroute me... Got any rental car discounts? 
still on the ground &gt;30mins after planned departure. And this is California. No weather here. Originally told 10 min delay. 
my flight was Cancelled Flightled Monday.  Just looking to Cancelled Flight and credit my card.  That's all. 
WiFi on yesterday's flight extremely slow a waste of $8 and lost the travel time for work. 
Having some trouble checking in. Can you please add me so I can DM you 
employees spreading a bit of #MardiGras cheer at 7:30 this morning in Atlanta  #NFTYConvention http://t.co/ttbtY89Ilo 
haha, thanks for the explanation 
your checkin system is #poor 
Thank you - hung up after 1hr 7min on hold. Would you like me to DM you contact info? 
4/9/14, I need to fly from GSP to DSM, but claims there's no sched. avail.  I can book separately, but why not together? 
JH thank you. I finally got through the second time. 
you need this song for your next commercial!  https://t.co/jU9rHZ4RQc. #SWA #love 
Thank you for the vouchers after the long wait on the runway Saturday night at BWI! I really appreciate it! #SWfan 
thanks for the reply, something is off with the phones becuz after 2 dropped calls at 2 hours on hold, I got through on 1 ring 
why no charging station in SAN? 
confirmation number for new reservation is FP9M6Y I am traveling with a 3 year old. please email? jennifer.cascino@gmail.com 
your employees were great! 
what is DM? 
can i take my electric skateboard on a domestic flight? if so, do same policies listed on your site for regular boards apply? 
MCO-&gt;DCA flight almost full of people screwed by the MSY-DCA Cancelled Flightation. @united and @USAirways didn't Cancelled Flight. SWA=mistake. 
Yes but they couldn't explain the 2 hour and 45 minute hold time. 
no but seriously wtf? #nochill http://t.co/esd3XD5V1r 
can u get me on flt #3768 instead of #2522 rt now 
too Late Flight now 
knows whats up! That #BlackHistoryMonth commercial. Just another thing to add to reasons why I fly with #SouthWestAirlines 
I never got a Cancelled Flightlation text from this morning either #bushleague or a number to call #weakservice 
flight 1613 Cancelled Flightled??? My wife is stuck in Phoenix on the way from slc to san
Thanks a lot southwest! 
I'm scheduled to come back tomorrow, finally but I don't know SWA hasn't flown out of @Fly_Nashville yet but @Delta has 
your social media team just said "sorry". Thankfully submitting a complaint got resolution from an amazing rep who called. 
When are you going to be flying in and out of Nashville? The Deicer is in. Are you short on planes and is it tomorrow morning? 
Amazing customer service as well. Will definitely fly with you guys again if my instrument is involved. #10/10 
When do you all expect to open the reservation through November? 
had to rebook through Atlanta &amp; now drive to #Nashville. Had to pay ridiculous price difference. Bad weather good for business 
Fastest response all day. Hour on the phone: never got off hold. Hour in line: never got to the Flight Booking Problems desk. 
think you need to follow me for a DM 
You officially have the worst customer service of any airline I've ever dealt with. #southwestairlines #poor 
TREMENDOUS job. Atlanta Airport saw SW celebrate Mardi Gras. Another reason I'm nuts for you guys! http://t.co/8WBzOrRn3C 
You guys must have been swamped, even took our corporate travel a long time to get in, but everything worked out in the end. 
my pts expired. I made a prchase @ an online retailer to b told by SW that those won't show for 6-8 wks so too L8 2 keepmy pts 
Awwweesssooomee! 
when will the winners of #DestinationDragons be announced? 
your customer service is terrible, you're terrible, thought you should know. 
#fattuesday Great job celebrating #mardigras today at Atlanta Airport. Another reason I'm nuts for you! http://t.co/8WBzOrRn3C 
I do need help Cancelled Flighting my flight back. Your calls times are ridiculous. 
No worries at all!!! I would rather be safe on the ground than take any chances. Yes! Tomorrow AM if BNA reopens ☺️ 
we're flying out tomorrow! PLEASE DONT Cancelled Flight!! Lol 😜✈️ 
I did but it only shows one flight one way. When I try to go to the home page and book roundtrip there's nothing available :( 
On flight 771 tomorrow (Wed 2/18) DEN-BNA. Will we be delayed or Cancelled Flightled? 
not as sorry as I was when I sat on a plane for 3 hours waiting for the engine to be fixed and THEN got my luggage lost, but k 
done messed up now!!! I have planned a trip to #CostaRica for pennies!!! #VacaTime ✈️💺 
I told myself last time I would never fly you again. I really messed up today. Thanks flight 1802. Worst airline ever 
I was helped by a nice lady at PHX checkin. I spent 4 hours on hold in 24 hours, so might want to look at efficiency there. 
extremely #disappointed with poor the customer service provided after Cancelled Flighting my flight today! #unprofessional 
About time...and just in time for my next flight Thursday. 
can you make a premium wifi that I can pay $30 for that is decent? #slow-fi 
iiiii need help with my flight schedule!!! haha 
Thank you. I know ya'll can't control the weather. I appreciate ya'll working to get my flight rebooked the last two days. 
yeah, all 4 are rebooked for tomorrow AM. Hoping the 3rd time is a charm for no Cancelled Flightled flights! 
thanks for taking such good care of my luggage... http://t.co/PIvxean3jY 
Thanks. I'll keep checking. I'm trying to book our first Disney World vacation. 
Any plans to make the southwest app for Android not crappy? 
I know it is hard to predict, but how are flights from Dallas to Nashville tomorrow AM? 
@Matt_e_Boss how long did you have to hold? We waited 35 minutes and gave up 
can I get any kind of update on the delayed flight from Boston to Houston at 7:30? Really need to be back home tonight! 
we are 2 mins from departure of 4125 and no announced update nor an update to on time status. Everyone just standing. #comeon 
Does anyone ever answer your phone? #poor 
can't checkin online for 2:00 flight tmrw fr. Cancun. "Undefined error" &amp; 800# not working.Family of 4 don't want Cgroup! Help 
El Paso deals....May❤❤❤😍🌏 
what's yall corporate number bc yall are not trying to accommodate me at all!!! 
very poor customer service thru out each of my cxl flights😔 I should've flew @Delta 
I have had 4 flights Cancelled Flightled through yall!!!! Im sick of it 😠😠 
4 flights Cancelled Flightled in one week?! Customer Service is 💩💩💩💩 
why are yall trying to fly me to Chicago when I don't live there?! Send me home now!!!! Bullshit ass customer service 
I know one thing @Delta would NEVER treat their customers like this!!!! 
I have been in contact and know there are changes but it's a destination you should really evaluate! Thanks 
stop ur bs promos of ✈️anywhere starting at 79$ I click and everywhere I'd fly=130$ The only place thats 79$ is CLE #NoThanks 
All pieces were found and safely delivered to our home this afternoon. 
really appreciate the follow up, I always fly with y'all for a reason! 
think flight 1945 from BNA to LAX will get off the ground tomorrow??? #please #snowbama 
I'm concerned that you will Cancelled Flight my flight out of BNA tomorrow am. Should I be? 
@poisonpill76 im in same boat.. 8am flight to Jacksonville... Get me out of here!! 
Awesome - thanks! 
how are flights looking for tomorrow morning from #Nashville (BNA) to Fort Lauderdale (FLL) ?! 
Flight 4968 (N8325D) departs @MCO enroute to @NO_Airport http://t.co/fd4SnvKIeM 
flight yesterday Cancelled Flighted. Got to airport 4am today for an on time flight w was delayed Cancelled Flighted than reinstated which caused 
has the worst customer service on earth. Will never fly that airline again. 
me not to be able to rebook another flight. Drove to ATL to catch a flight.... Was charged $40 just to get the a group I had 
bos to msp, msp to aus, aus to bos. Site doesn't seem to display fields for the middle trip when I add the 3rd. 
sadly didn't get much help ... As a travel agent this is so disappointing to me. 
Mother Nature's best efforts, @SouthwestAir's good-humored folks got us home safely in an area heavily affected by winter storms. 
understand weather is an issue but on time Cancelled Flighted reinstated Cancelled Flighted with hardly any updates and doing nothing for me= :( 
thanks! I expected a wait... Just not that long. :) 
I did. Thank you. 
paid for my own $200 rental car just to not go through this for the 3rd day  :( 
Thanks for taking care of me Today!  Michele rocked the customer service! Gate 25 HOU 
no, thanks. I think we have it straight! 
can I use points to book a rental car? 
MY BAGS ARE. 1st woman said it would be there on the next flight... not there, so now Ive got nothing. Big wigs help me out 
Not your finest moment in Boston right now! 
Being old I will miss my connection and can sleep at OAK or get a hotel on my own dime rubs me the wrong way. I wasn’t Late Flight. 
Flight 3111 (N614SW) departs @MCO enroute to Indianapolis International Airport http://t.co/qefKFWZo7d 
I keep getting disconnected after choosing the option "unused travel funds" on your automated customer service line! SOS 
needed my flight info so I can add my rapid rewards to my flight ... First time I have flown with SW - won't do it again #mad 
thank you :-) 
Great, thank you. Best of luck dealing with this horrible winter. 
I got it added thank you! :) 
what's up with these delays?! Throw some priority boarding my way &amp; I'll forgive you!! 👍 #southwest #southwestairlines 
I hope you're happy! You have officially become the next @AmericanAir #ProfitBeforePeople IMO you will be bankrupt by 2020 
Im just praying you get me home alive 
Thank you!  #thankful #feelingtheluv 
@Imaginedragons when are we gonna know I have a math test tomoro and I can't concentrate😭😭 #DestinationDragons 
it's not letting me DM you !! 
much respect! 
yeah they told me it would be on the next flight. I drove down and it wasnt. I just drove down for a second time and they were 
there... from my first interaction with your people this morning, after bad weather, sorry but I wont be flying with you again 
even with the 50$ voucher for picking up my bag 
Black History Commercial is really sweet. Well done. 
No. We were in a large group. Majority of the 30+ bags were soaked. 
though I work for another major airline,  I LOVE your Black history month commercial. I Thank you. 
took our BOS to BWI plane for a flight to StL and promised a replacement  1.5 hours Late Flightr. Now 2.5 hours delayed. Not happy. 
Hi! I just saw a Black History month commercial on TV &amp; Im excited! In support of this month,will you all grant me 1 free trip 
 I got rebooked for tomorrow 
took our carryon bag with essential attire for a life changing interview tomorrow &amp; it's not here; can we expect compensation? 
thanks for the drink tickets hook up! Can't wait for my first international flight with you to NAS! #pumped 
Yeah, we figured it out.  Thanks. 
On my flight today from RSW to GRR I was able to snag a free SW Agent to check for me. It looks like we are (finally) all set. 
has the winner for #DestinationDragons been announced yet? If not when will they be?? 
thanks, but they told him he couldn’t a few hours ago, then my plane left  after I tried to do it. Stuck waiting for hours now 
still haven't been able to get through, thanks for responding 
not very helpful trying to get out of Nashville.Should waive change fee for 2/18. 
 why are you the only airlines to Cancelled Flight all flights into BNA? Been stranded in philly for 2 days. Hoping to get out in the AM 
@travelportland welcome to Portland. Sun, Mt hood and Southwest. http://t.co/y3SAHVX3Zk 
what are the chances you will be Cancelled Flighting all flights in and out of Nashville again? 
who should I contact about a missing Rapid Rewards credit? 
can you outline the policies for both scenarios? 
According to TV passenger interviews, the landing was far from "uneventful" with heavy (panic) breaking to 
I was in Nashville and I had to drive 3 and a half hours to Memphis, but I made it as the plane was loading! 
Hey yea I got thru...everything is good now (well, in 7-10 days when the voucher goes through)  Appreciate it! 
Why won't you let me leave Newark!? 
no self help way to put in tsa pre check number for existing reservation. Very annoying. 800 is not reachable. 
thanks for your assistance..you guys ROCK!!💯 
 you are over 40, please start acting your age and stop with the short-shorts! 
all good now. Going to make it to Boston on time. I'm actually on your wifi right now 
very frustrated with your customer service.Open seats on earlier flight, $154 to change. What a rip off!! 
I'm Flight Booking Problems a flight to Vegas. Any good promo codes?? 
she made it standby after her flight was Cancelled Flighted for no reason. Almost 4hrs Late Flight.  Conf# FVF9YW  SWRR# 298033455 
Glad it was finally resolved too. Too bad I can't get a free voucher to go with mine so I can have a friend travel next time! 
you're 4/4 on blowing it with your customer service. Shotwest Airlines. 
can u better define the "plus one smaller type" item on carry on requirements?.. small backpacks? 
I appreciate that, and not to be rude, but it doesn't solve much. You should AT LEAST cover the cost of stolen goods. 
thanks!! We will see what happens!! 
thank you for your help resolving my problem Shannon ROCKS - even though Rhonda didn't !! 
can't believe how many paying customers you left high and dry with no reason for flight Cancelled Flightlations Monday out of BDL! Wow. 
my sister and her family had to drive 1200 miles because you did not accommodate a rebook in a timely manner! HORRIBLE 
please help on hold forever to check in for flight 
Got it covered. Thanks! 
can't wait! Thanks for the response!❤️ 
I did ....it's just been such a disheartening experience for me and my family...and a lot of taxi money wasted. 
Finally got through after 3 hours and all set. Thanks. 
thanks for your excellent response time and assistance! All set :) 
My luggage has still not been found. Luggage is not scanned until final destination. So no way of knowing where it is! 
- total win!! Happy 7th bday on intercom, chocoLate Flight kisses, and a chance to hand out snacks.Thank you. http://t.co/NKloZcNtto 
 Tried to leave Monday, all other planes left but mine. Now this one keeps getting delayed. Missed work. Have to pay for a cab 
No one wants to commit to saying if this plane is getting Cancelled Flighted or not. Customer relations is closed. Patience gone. 
  Yes. Dale at Baggage office was wonderful. But not everyone is on the same page down there... We had a 6 hour wait! 
I left my iPad on my flight 1831 from ERW to DEN. I opened claim 442998. It has so many memories on it. Plz help get it back. 
this was the 3rd Cancelled Flightlation in 2 days due to weather in Nashville. 3 trips to the airport. Each time communicated Late Flight by SW 
big thanks to your team. family emerg, same day ticket, experience was excellent. 1st time flying with yall, not my last! 
has the best customer service! 
when you're on hold with southwest for over 2 hours and it automatically hangs up on you. #iusedtoloveu http://t.co/tEFHpuWMdJ 
 Your male flight attendants must being playing a game called Who can be the Bigger Dick to People. Flight 952 to CHI-MID 
Engadget Theverge Wired reddit 
Flight 4146 Phi to Den was staffed by a great crew. #freecomedyshow #newlifetimecustomer 
really enjoying sitting at BWI with the door wide open and the a/c on as they fix a "baggage error" #sarcasm 
It seems odd to be sitting on a plane that gets further delayed and you find out by txt, not the 6 emp working on the aircraft 
I need some help with a reservation 
snow forecasted for Raleigh NC tomorrow night. Need to know if there's a plan to reschedule flights into RDU Wednesday night 
update 35 minutes into this pilot has turned off a/c. No longer freezing, but we are enjoying waiting for reload of all bags 
I am scheduled for the morning, 2 days after the fact, yes..not sure why my evening flight was the only one Cancelled Flightled 
where are our bags?
We have a tv show to film!! 
hot stewardess flipped me off 
A wonderfully nice agent in Austin helped us out. Wish I remembered her name to give proper kudos. 
Once again, I was able to change my flight without any fees... oh and the two free checked bags.  Best airline ever. 
I'm trying to get home to Nashville. I've been stuck in Dallas 2 days will my flight get out in the morning 
you are the #Official airlines of #DivadaPouch aka #ThePoopQueen http://t.co/XXY2d2iMnP 
@JohnWayneAir Thank you both very much!! 
my bag was Late Flight-checked and put on a different flight from OAK-&gt;MSY. Having troubles tracking it down. Any help? 
What are your services? What promotion you have at the moment? #ModeloDeNegocio #innovation #innovacion #BusinessModel 
neveind, it's been found and on its way. Thanks for making the process so painless 
75 minutes and still waiting for skis to be unloaded. You should be ashamed. It's 1:30 in the morning. 
@TinaIsBack I'm so sorry for your frustration. Did you get rebooked? ^SW” I've been rebooked 4 times!! Still stuck!! #SMH 
Had a bad experience with them last week.  They broke my bicycle that I had brought with me to do a bike ride in Fla.  Why? 
will you please tell me if I'll make my flight out of here tomorrow 8am? I've been tryin for 3 days now to leave 
@SouthwestAir hi! get a solar charger from Amazon! Game changer to plug usb into charge. :) 
@CourtSnod hopefully Nashville is open. I want to come home today 
why is your website downnnnn :( ugh 
 flight at 630 from fll kiosk just opened. Rude attendants because now everyone is Late Flight. http://t.co/2Boh2Mh3cb 
I love and appreciate the fact that you guys rarely Cancelled Flight flights and are on time, but I need a Cancelled Flightlation this time. 🙏 
Today is going to be the day, I can feel it!  Thank y'all for your support throughout! We're coming home Nashville! #Octavia 
Thanks for reminding me about my upcoming trip to Florida but you really didn't need to... http://t.co/p6r5rt5Ow5 
so was there a winner for #DestinationDragons ??? 
any delays today @CAKairport to Orlando? 
THANK YOU for finally making your boarding passes work with passbook 
de-icing is important! 
Hi, how do I add a flight to my account? Just created it 
Not possible to carry-on and put in a closet/overhead? Had success doing that with other airlines. Thanks 
for the win as always- saved my day and got me on a direct to Orlando. 🎉🎉🎉 
just did last night. Thanks for following up. :) 
thanks for getting me back to Nashville. Big thanks to the pilots on the 6:15 out of Baltimore. Flying in snow landing on ice. 
CEO discusses possibilities of NHL Vegas arena naming rights http://t.co/t3E4SH5xNg @SMUSportMgt #sportsbiz 
when will you have flights for October 2015 available? 
Flight 4110 MCO to ISP delayed. Any details on why? 
Oh no worries NL, no disappointments here. Better to have NO lounges than like #Delta who has them but does disappoint! 
I couldn't fly you today &amp; it made the trip harder + had to pay for my checked bag. #DevotedyYours but for today. :( 
I just sent a screen shot of the incident report. 
first time flyer, scheduled a (round)trip. set on departure date not sure on returning date, policy/fees on changing Re Flight 
@DeltaPoints hey at least you guys are honest with your customers unlike @Delta 
FS4VE7 when I corrected the attendants error she gave me attitude made a rude show of taking back nuts&amp; said "well i was Late Flight" 
Thanks for the info! Have a good day. 
Thanks I just sent a DM with this info. 
when will you be accepting reservations past August 7? 
Landed in Nashville! Thanks for taking care of us! http://t.co/RYXbPLgMnK 
I am completely displeased with the service I received on yesterday flying from LGA to ATL. 
First there were cockroaches crawling on the counter at the gate and visible mouse traps under the seats at the gate 
2 bags fly free!  So what's with all the carry-on's? #packingayak @BrianReganComic 
Secondly, we did not begin boarding on time despite our aircraft being present and deplaned. Thus we left over 30 min Late Flight 
Next once we arrived to Atlanta, we waited a full HOUR before our luggage was placed on a carousel. One hour! 
took delivery of N8661A, a new Boeing 737-8H4 yesterday. http://t.co/5z9STyUQJ3 #DFW #DAL #airlines 
I, along with other passengers repeatedly asked Southwest personnel what was taking so long, where was our luggage. 
We did not get a single answer from any Southwest personnel. After an hour's wait. No apologies, no explanation. 
So today I call into Customer Service &amp; speak with Wendell Holton in the Dallas office &amp; I am told there is nothing he can do 
All I requested was a refund of my Reward Points that I used to purchase the flight and he refused. 
please let those with nothing in overhead bins to exit first. Fly a lot and only bring purse. Tired of running for connection 
looking for cheap flight to vegas 
This experience was the worse flying experience I've ever had. To be met w/ contempt from your Customer Service makes it worse 
I consider myself a loyal customer to the brand but I'm astounded at the lack of concern about customer's flying experiences. 
Therefore, since I've received no recourse through phone I have submitted an email complaint &amp; a letter via mail will follow. 
Finally got me home #BNASnow 
By the way the flight number was 1703, please feel free to fact check my complaints about leave time &amp; baggage time. 
Flight 2078 to Balt hit turbulence, babies cried, kids vomited. Chaos. Flight attendant Caroline was a superhero. 
In my letters to follow, I will be sure to include my Rewards Number, twitter handle, and email address. 
Lastly, for a company that's trying to put the love in flying it would be nice to have someone personally address my concerns. 
Thank you for your time! 
There is no option just to Cancelled Flight? I don't want to change flight, I want to Cancelled Flight. 
Thank you! 
really?!? 1.5 hours ON THE PLANE and at the gate??? Jax2BNA. Like we haven’t waited days to get home #notokay 
why do your MDW gates have so many fewer seats than your planes? 
Hi! Just got my TSA pre-check # &amp; put it in my acct. But it's not on my boarding pass for a flight this p.m.Can it be updated? 
I left something on a plane landing at Midway last night because I am a responsible adult -- got a number for me to call? TY! 
Awesome!!! Sending now. 
I want to file a formal complaint against a disgruntled employee @ LaGuardia who ruined mltple people's travel plans yesterday 
she cut people off 35 minutes before flight time to check in bags, for a flight that was delayed 2 hours! I waited 8 more hrs! 
TWO hours on the plane at the gate?!? This is undignified behavior for you. And the apology isn’t enough. #freedrinkcoupons 
Ahhhh! Sorry, just followed. 
pleasantly surprised to be boarding my flight on time this morning at @Fly_Nashville. Good job! 
when are you opening the flights beyond august 7th??? 
boarded plane only to be told to get off as it wasn't our plane. Now an hour delay. 😭😭 
OH MY GOSH SERIOUSLY?! you just made my day, week, year!!! No one will appreciate this more than me!!! 
can @Sagerooski &amp; I use your luggage scale to measure our weight loss? One scale for each foot @ home is not accurate anymore. 
yea but I was hoping to avoid the ticket difference amount as a birthday courtesy? #flysouthwest #lovesouthwest #mybday 
No I have not. 
Sorry! Thought I did. It's done now. 
your app repeatedly crashed and failed to display my name when checking in. Was unable to use app. http://t.co/0kN7PjelZL 
#3854 ATL to RDU. Snow forecasted for Raleigh this evening. 
When does PV get approved? I am ready to go!! 
is hiring for their Emerging Leader Development Program- Last day to apply is TODAY! Apply here: http://t.co/jLHM0x7UkB 
@karajusto SWA is willing to follow up. FINALLY. 
are you guys gonna be giving away any tickets for @Imaginedragons at @VinylVegas? #DestinationDragons 
when will sw return to customer service?  Business travelers made sw now sw ignores us. 
@love_dragonss LAUREN IM SCREAKJMF 
 goes to court to gain access to @Delta gates at Love Field  http://t.co/ILqzmMJiYQ #deltanews 
after a long wait of over an hour my mother's bag did not make it. We filed a report and are waiting. Thanks for your help 
Thank you thank you thank you 
@love_dragonss LAUREN HoLY SHT 
my birthday is February 24th which is the date of the imagine dragons in flight concert btw 
@love_dragonss oh my god LAUREN OH MY GOD OH MY GOD 
@love_dragonss holy fuckinf shit 
@love_dragonss AHHHH YES LAUREN 
Didn't see travel had to be compete for unused funds by expiration date hidden in the fine print. Never saw that before. 
@love_dragonss LAUREN OMG BEST AIRLINE EVER 
I've never met my favorite band and it would be sooo amazing to win destination dragons. 
Customer relations line had busy signal too, called the normal line and the service rep thought I was dumb for not knowing. 
you're the best 
@love_dragonss LAUREN OMG IM DEAD IM SO SO HAPPY FOR YOU YES YES 
@love_dragonss LAUREN IM SCREAMING 
I just wanted Southwest to know that I don't think they're as great as I used to anymore. Nothing to look into. 
it would be nice if I could talk to an agent rather than get caught up w/ a promotion &amp; then be hung up on 
Service rep didn't say I was dumb just had the tone of voice like I should have known about it. 
@love_dragonss oh my gosh 
thank you!!! 
is offering #CompanionPasses to Atlanta residing frequent fliers! http://t.co/mdN5ED58ze 
 Southwest is currently awaiting government approval for this route. Do we know when it will be official? 
Yes! I did and the bags came straight to my hotel. Thank you ...you guys rock! 
Southwest is scheduled to fly to Costa Rica on March 7 but I can't book it online. When will this be available? 
now it's delayed until 3:55. Getting yelled at by attendants not to bother them. Getting worse 
it's ok...I forgive you guys. 
LOVE your TV ad with the girl dancing. Makes me laugh every time, AND now I want to take a trip! :-) 
how does your pre boarding process work? Basically anyone who doesn't want to wait their turn can get a slip? 
- Apology accepted! #customerserviceWIN #itravelalot http://t.co/z5znfwkKWP 
All Flights lead to VEGAS BABY! 
@saysorrychris Can you follow back for a quick DM? ^SW”followed 
I have a flight to Vegas coming up soon, but haven’t received any drink tickets Late Flightly. Can you help me out? 
@kirkwoodtiger Hmmm... how does the Caribbean sound? https://t.co/AAY5avg99b ^LD” WARM THANKS! 
Just OH-ing a text message I received from an entitled jackass of a friend. 
tried to enter that rapid rewards contest link on facebook but all my browsers kept popping up security warnings 4 it. 
Looking forward to out Power of Inclusion event with very special guests! We will begin promptly at 11:30 a.m. #SWADiversity 
understand you can only do so much but often it seems like a quick request to the desk is all it takes no questions asked. 
10 revenue flights since the beginning of 2015? 
3 days &amp; still not home. Not even off the ground. 3. Days. #PastMyPatienceExpirationDate 
sent 
We are ready to be inspired! http://t.co/S3EsW5AgUm 
sure,I'll send a message now! 
it was this one but looks like the problem is now fixed. https://t.co/CFI1E3KXA9 
it's the poor customer service that I have a problem with!!!!! 
give me tickets to the atlanta show and I'll roadtrip from Canada!! Deal? 😆 
allows you to change a flight once for no fee, yay! I will always book flights with them. @AmericanAir changes you $200 
I'm really craving your pretzels, please send me some. 
how can I get tickets for Feb 20 Imagine Dragons show? 
just added #passbook support to their iOS application! Finally, I get to add them to my collection. http://t.co/lEdNoCdQee 
I will not have my passport in time for my trip. Could I still fly with photo ID? #thingsishouldknow #ifeeldumb 
I'm sorry for straying and going with @AmericanAir I've learned my lesson. These attendants need some SW happiness! 
lemme come to #DestinationDragons 😭😭😭 this university student could use a break from all these books. 
planning a family trip to Orlando in May and trying to figure out when to book to get the best rate. Any Suggestions? 
Thank you. 
Great job celebrating #MardiGras2015 .  You own the industry . Another reason I'm nuts for you! http://t.co/8WBzOrRn3C 
so when do we find out who won the imagine dragons contest? 
step 1: be less shot. Step 2: acknowledge customers other places than Twitter. Step 3: don't suck so much 
thank you kindly. 
thanks, already subscribe and have a RR Account. Had received a promo code last month but has since expired. Any new offers? 
Are you announcing any more winners to the #DestinationDragons @Imaginedragons  show @VelourLive in UTAH this weekend? #Lucky 
hour delay = shortly?“@SouthwestAir: @brendanpshannon Brendan, we are so sorry to keep you waiting. We'll have you in the air shortly!^RS” 
So important to accept others for who they are. #SWADiversity 
can I please go see @Imaginedragons on friday? I promise I'll only fly Southwest when going back home to NH #MHTforlife 
a complete horror show. Flights bumped three times today, before noon, not how to run an airline. #cantblametheweather. 
just sent you a DM w/ additonal info 
#JamesAsworth has the worst corporate account manager #22 Brent. I will now take my 70plus flights to @Delta thank you 
:arrived in San Juan early. Thanks for a great flight. LUV u! 
thanks for the follow up.  I appreciate it. 
why would I want to when the last time I did, you screwed me out of my early boarding that I PAID FOR. 
go south everyone 
looks like my 1 yr anni trip has been replaced w someone's itinerary. Worried abt who can c my flight http://t.co/BApE6RuMNE 
Customer service said it was a known problem that they were using same confirmation numbers for domestic and international 
When does the new schedule open that takes us past 10/31? 
is there anything I can do to get tickets for @Imaginedragons at @VinylVegas? It would mean so much to me #DestinationDragons 
please expedite missing bag claim #3526665682. Thanks! 
Any possible chance of SWA bringing back service between LGA-BWI? It would make it much easier to connect to the west coast. 
I don't have a conference number.  I spoke with Courtney in Texas and David before that. they finally fixed mine after an hour 
how do i know that my information is not found on other people's account?  I can see someone else's reservation, rr # and trip 
App Updated With #Passbook Support http://t.co/WrWqrUblPs via @ubergizmo 
#worstthingever 2days Late Flightr our lost bag was fedexed somewhere. Do you know where cause we don't &amp; it was delivered somewhere 
Times change, I guess. http://t.co/osox9h7fWY 
8FKQW is the conf #. Thanks for the reply 
@karajusto OK we will! Thank you!!! 
Is the 1,750 bonus at 1800Flowers still on or did it expire 2/14/15? 
@taylormdowns We share that value in common. :) 
So I guess you can get to the airport too early!  Need to wait 10mins to checkin. Really? 
doesn't want to deal with me, but the world might want to know how they are treating their customers: http://t.co/sKKewqhssG 
JUST GAVE ME TICKETS TO SEE @Imaginedragons  AT @VelourLive ON SATURDAY. I CAN'T EVEN RIGHT NOW HAHA. THANK YOU!!!! 
once or twice a year. Hard to get vacation time from work sometimes. But love flying with you guys! 
good to know NOW!  Three sets of travelers in just 20 mins standing here waiting for mins to pass by. 
bad weather and multiple Cancelled Flighted flights has us all scared!  Noted for next time. 
@love_dragonss lol I'm sorry I'm just seeing this now but LAUREN OH MY GOD AHHHH 
did you pick the winners for the #DestinationDragons ?? #87yearsLate Flightr #maybeijustlost #whyyounoloveme 
#ftw! ✈️ Hope they'll sing us a song on our flight to Phoenix today. (@ Terminal 2 (Humphrey)) https://t.co/mAvIgetbBw 
amazing service by your SW stewardesses! From den to Cun and from CUN to Atl and atl to lax. Thank u! 
I'm miserable on your Orlando to Vegas nonstop right now. How big must a guest be for u to require 2 seats?  I'm in 1A btw. 
I'm smashed into a window by the giant guest sitting next to me. #4386. No way this guy should have been given 1 seat. 
if you guys fuck this up again  I will never forgive you 
is your companion pass broken today? 
purchase.error.INVALID_LOYALTY_MEMBER_ACCOUNT_STATUS (SW900001-vyiL1XKlROG24fS-918j_A) 
Denver to Phoenix, I think we're finally getting ready to take off. 
thanks for the follow up. So glad to get my bag back. 
love..luv the addition of the passbook option. 
I'm not sure I did the messaging part right. Please let me know if you received it. 
I would but you need to follow me first ;-) 
TSA Pre isn't showing up on my boarding passes and I've followed all of the steps. Please help. 
how come on mobile I can't proceed w/o entering a postcode at purchase. I'm from Ireland and I don't have a postcode just. 
oops, Sorry, Done, 
“@SouthwestAir: Thank you for bringing this to our attention. We'll be happy to reach out to Noah so we can make this right. ^MR” 
thank you for handling this for me. Glad Southwest cares about what it's flyers think! 
How do I stop getting credit card apps? I already have a card! 
A-list preferred line phone wait was 15 minutes. I hung up, not feeling A-list-ey! 
pls help me get this resolved &amp; reimbursement made.  gracias, rico; pls send me private msg with phone number or email address 
yall still fly in the cold right? 
is there a way to know who checked my bag on the curb? She was awesome!!! And want to be sure she gets a high five! 
- I just had a great experience with your customer service team. Thank you! #LuvSW A-list 
@ PIT- Gate A1! Big shout out to the lady trying to track him down! 
Open more kiosks at 
Austin-Bergstrom. Three lanes to service a line of 50 people? Really? 
was wondering is there a reason why customer service is so busy? Been on hold past few days for many hours No answer Help plz 
is there a way to DM you? 
are bicycles that the 62", 50lbs criteria free or bikes are automatically $75/each way? The FAQ page isn't very clear to me. 
luckily, the people working the BSO at Chicago Midway have been very attentive and found our bags in Punta Cana. 
we have to stay in Chicago overnight and meet up with our bags there. I hope they stay put and don't get put on a flight. 
we've now lost a whole day of our honeymoon... Very disappointed and frustrated with everything. 
awesome. thank you! 
So frustrated with my experience with #Southwest. 18 hours trapped in Denver bc of mechanical problems. #worstcustomerservice 
I am trying to book another flight and apply my credits that I had from another flight but I can't find them. 
will do! #heart #flying 
alas, it was pretty full so we had to entertain ourselves with witty repartee ... 
We need help changing a name on a company reservation....We tried calling customer relations but there is a busy signal. 
your WiFi is shit. fix that up before I jump out of the closest bloody fucking emergency exit. 
snapchat, iMessage, instagram...... 
lost my sunglasses &amp; case on a flight 3933 last night - is there a lost &amp; found? 
I dunno my travel information.. like what? 
it took ages for one snapchat story to load. one. ONE. I will demolish you 
@Imaginedragons @beatsmusic well timed tweet, just boarded and will be listening on my way home! 
k but who won destination dragons 
that's why I fly y'all, that personalized service 
@Imaginedragons @beatsmusic I'd love to hear them live at @VelourLive @velourlive this saturday! #destinationdragons 
@LeeAnnHealey I was all, yeah sale fares! I got places to fly! Oh damn, right, I live where SWA doesn't fly. #why 
just DMed you guys!!! 😁😁😁😁 
So far so good! http://t.co/16c9ex79Rk 
do you have any info about when #DestinationDragons winners will be announced? me &amp; my best friend are hoping to win. thanks! 
thx - fingers crossed they are found. 
Do you anticipate any Cancelled Flightlations for flights out of Nashville tomorrow? Thank you! 
@Imaginedragons  Did they pick someone for Destination Dragons? 
Working on a piece about military discounts and am hearing you offer one. Can you give me specifics and confirm? Thank You! 
Whoa. Thanks and that's what I wanted to hear! Early flight coming up. Thanks for the reply. 
where was the inclement weather? Other flights left DCA today and this plane appeared to be coming from AUS. 
@Kaneshow @InternJohnRadio @mrerickv THIS IS EVERYTHING... now, return that jet so we can go to Miami! 
@InternJohnRadio @mrerickv  give @SouthwestAir their plane back.  They're mad &amp; threatening to take away my Companion Pass. #Luv 
Please update your website 
just had a great flight #4223 with Damion! He was the best #damionflight4223 
when will dates to fly go past August 7 2015? 
doesn't even have gluten free peanuts. whyyy me?? 
woohoo that just made my day. I looked and just couldn't find that, thank you! 
My flight was 952, leaving las vegas at 5:40pm, arriving at CHI-MID at 11:00 pm. 
Yay! And are dependents with ID (wife children) eligible to use this discount too? How do you use it over the phone/inperson? 
I understand weather is not your fault, but as a frequent flyer I expected better customer service. I'll be trying @Delta 
Thanks!!! :)  It is good to air on the side of caution 
One heck of an airline http://t.co/CyoOnZfTdC 
I will be writing in about the service via email. My company also transports well over 100 clients monthly via SW. 
#DestinationDragons Any word on winners of contest? Any chance for tix for the Provo DestinationDragons show? Fingers Crossed! 
filing it now. Thank you for your response. 
@Imaginedragons any info on #DestinationDragons ?? me &amp; @sammi_jon3s need to know.. 
why can't you take me to Knoxville?? yall are my fav #help 
your app isnt working and i take off in like two hours help 
thanks so much for making my night 😀 cannot wait for my trip next week! http://t.co/NbZ45jCd1r 
it keeps saying that mobile boarding passes are unavailable despite having checked in and everything 
thank u for not leaving me 
@me nice job running thru the airport to catch your connecting flight 
I receive bad customer service and ended up spending several hundred dollars to accommodate my family during each cxl flight 
i cant look up my confirmation number at the moment on mobile. the email is no longer in my inbox 
thanks for taking it up a notch!! leinenkugels #craftbeer #goodflight @ Norfolk… http://t.co/TgSLjjN6g0 
Thnx. Hopefully it's just on the nxt flight up. I've got 3 shows this wknd. Worst case I'll just turn my sweatshirt inside out 
I am going to stop flying with you.  Delays everytime.  This time due to paperwork? 
Thanks for replying, I sen't my conf #! I love aviation and Southwest and all I wanted for my 18th was to fly SWA for the day! 
So I am flying Chicago-LAX-PHX just to go spotting at LAX and PHX airports, then I am flying back to Chicago :) 
could care more about their customer, if there is a reasonable request :( 
I had to travel to Savannah, GA, once again, on an airline I don't "Luv". When r u going to fly me to Savannah? Pleeeease!!!! 
have a flight from Oakland to SNA at 7:30, and I asked if I can take 5:30, even there are 5 empty sests. Answer is "No". :( 
do you have all winners for @Imaginedragons #DestinationDragons 
Yes - with extra $77. I wonder what are you going yo loose, if there is room. 
Looks like 'On February 19, 2015, we will open our schedule for sale through October 30, 2015' - know what time that will be? 
do new flights come out at midnight? 
I really appreciate you all's #BHM commercial that aired today during @BET's #BookofNegroes 
today you sporadically changed my flight departure 5 times &amp; left two hours Late Flight. Uncharacteristic of u http://t.co/TXhYJ40llG 
Amazing view on the approach to LAX tonight. http://t.co/a68d5fULmH 
I fly SWA a lot - ALWAYS purchase EB and NEVER past A30... Rethinking the SWA process.  Very misleading. 
you guys are so clever 😃 http://t.co/qn5odUGFqK 
flight Cancelled Flighted tonight and was told I won't receive a travel voucher for the inconvenience. Is that really your policy? 
- Great flight from Phoenix to Dallas tonight!Great service and ON TIME! Makes @timieyancey very happy! http://t.co/TkVCMhbPim 
sat on a plane for 2+ hrs on 2/15! Then we finally took off.. :( 
Fantastic! Thank you! 
So there were 134 early-bird check-ins, because I was told there were no flythroughs? Good flight, otherwise ~ 
if a passngr requires wheelchair to gt on plane then sits in an exit row, wld they b physically capable to help in emergency? 
heard you are saving 30k a year on fuel not carrying around those skymall's #ripskymall 
forward to using Passbook when I fly  @SouthwestAir in a few weeks! 
had a very rude gate agent at BWI tonight gate B8 after a 6.5hr delay for flight 1172. I think a little training is in order. 
inflight entertainment.  Tonight a Willie Nelson impersonator sang for the passengers #peanutsandtoons http://t.co/kCDdOD7uFF 
only 1 guest needs to change a flight on a reservation of 2. How can I do it? I NEED this to happen. Say it can...Please help! 
any chance I can get tix for @VelourLive @Imaginedragons? I have been tweeting since January 26 about it #DestinationDragons 
if you are giving tix to #DestinationDragons show would appreciate one or two for LA😄Flying from PHL to LAX on Friday 
my PR class would luv to know who's in charge of your Twitter. How many people write your tweets? #gracias 
We've been sitting at the gate for two hours waiting for bags to be loaded... I'm telling Herb. 
humor aside, we've been stuck on the plane for two hours at the gate because bags can't be loaded correctly. What gives? 
can i get tiks for #DestinationDragons omg id love to! Plz 😱❤️im dying 
I ❤️ you! The only airline that understands us military families and our unpredictable changes. Pound it 👊 
@tbuccheriFRNC3E. It takes 13.5 hours to fly from Chicago to Beijing on United, and 12 to fly from Vegas to Omaha on SW... 
love bridesmaid dancing Can't wait for you to fly into puerto Vallarta and kick united ass! 
@flightspots about time! #mobileboarding is a must! 
I spoke to soon... My bag was lost.. :( 
hilarious flight attendants on Vegas to Detroit tonight http://t.co/nw7vx7DGMF 
so I saw the promo for A-List when I was on a plane this Monday. I fly two more times in the qualification period. 1/2 
Any chance the flight I just took can count for #3? I mean, I signed up with SW wifi in the air! 2/2 
Is there any chance I can get tickets for the Vegas stop? I missed my chance to enter the contest but I love ID to death ! 
ugh kicking myself for missing out on #destinationdragons. I need some @Imaginedragons back in my life  http://t.co/sbEhi46bMk 
y'all the real MVP with these prices... 
Thx Ops Agt Rich Westagard n Flight Att. Nancy @ DEN Airport.Held flight 1027 n even saved seat 4 Bus Select #CustomersFirst! 
Flt 463 San Jose, CA -&gt; Denver, CO. Delayed 2 hrs but easily best flight + touchdown in all my years flying. Keep it up! 
Thank you for having flights going out of Nashville! You guys Rock! #DisneyPrincessHalfMarathon #girlsweekend #bffs 
are passengers automatically rebooked on other flights if original is Cancelled Flighted for weather etc? 
hates guitar players. Chgd for oversize AND extra bag on my acoustic guitar. Epic fail. 
DM sent! Thanks so much for responding! Your response was so timely, I missed it! 
love how "friendly" your staff is when asking for updates on delayed flights causing missed connections. #horribleattitudes 
Stuck on 4251 with the heat blasting to try and thaw the water lines.... Kinda disappointed for my first flight as a RR member 
I think me and my group could use some nice cold drinks once we get in the air...we are all over 21 😜😎 
how it feels on flight 4251 http://t.co/JM8gQ1KGrF 
trying to get to Mexico in September! How about affordable nonstop flights???? 
my first flight ever and flight #4251 is already having technical issues. Faaaannntastic.😭 
I'm getting leathery from the heat on 4251 before I even get to Vegas.... 
I love you guys! Had to take a few other airlines this week...makes me love and appreciate y'all so much more! #onlywaytofly 
booked our flights this morning. Can't wait to move about the country. 
appreciate the reply. RT @SouthwestAir: @luxclark We’re so sorry to keep you waiting, Laura. An Agent will be with you shortly...^CB 
when's the next deal going to happen a poor college student is trying to fly to Orlando instead of drive in August! Lol 
okay just signed up! 
I am now a rapids rewards member #lovetotravel #chaching 
the new logo is going to look amazing on the airplanes 
schedule is open through the end of October, got Columbus day wknd in New England for ~50K points for 4! Check your calendar! 
we're here at MCO. Thanks. 
Learn how to give folks on multiple flights the same day boarding position at least if you can't give them  boarding passes. 
aww thanks!! Other than that, love it! 
why the delay on Flight 423 BDL to MCO? Need to get to Florida for the ☀️&amp; races in Daytona 
well, it was fun while it lasted. Not happy about the change to redeeming reward points. Won't be loyal anymore. 
 do you know where my plane is coming from?  I'm on SW flight 4464 from RSW to MKE 
If you read my tweet it is a gap in process for folks that take multiple flights in one day. 
Thanks! Will do 
iPhone app now has passbook support! Whoot! It's the little things in life... 😜 
I sent you my conf number yesterday. 
- thanks to the agent boarding 1137, ATL-AUS. Left my wallet on the inbound. He found it for me! 
my birthday is during #DestinationDragons and im a huge fan- anyway I can get tickets? 
you're giving everyone tix for #DestinationDragons except for me and it's during my birthday!!!! 
Hi do you know why WN4287 is already delayed until 9:35pm tonight? Thanks ! 
is main supporter of play where Jesus is portrayed as homosexual partner of Judas and who performs a “gay wedding” #boycott 
when you enter every contest for #DestinationDragons and lose :( 
Please bring back RDU to FLL direct route!  I noticed it is missing starting in Late Flight August!  The flights are always packed! 
My birthday is during #DestinationDragons could I get tix?? http://t.co/07XhCacjax 
Whats up with flight 4464 Ft myers to milwaukee??? 
I've been a fan of imagine dragons since 2012 and they're my fave band and #DestinationDragons is during my bday can I get tix 
Is my friend lucky enough to see #DestinationDragons live on his birthday? He's been a fan for years @thirty_lives 
thank you for integrating with Passbook on iOS, it all works so much better now!!! 
@thirty_lives birthday is the 24th and he's not seeing Imagine Dragons at #DestinationDragons ? 
Is there anyway to pay more to get priority boarding A 1-15? 
adds new direct flights from #Columbus to Oakland &amp; Boston starting August 2015 #cmh #oak #bos 
using social business roadmap to develop intelligent path to embed social across enterprise #RaganDisney 
guess where Ashley is. She's doing a great job presenting. #ragandisney http://t.co/5ZNMwxDI9U 
great. My flight is delayed three hours. Now my friend has to wait for me at the airport for hours on her birthday. 😒👎 
Congratulations! 
Southwest is definitely my favorite airline to fly! :D 
Is there an email address I can send some thoughts to? This experience was really not good &amp; I have some feedback. 
Hi Guys good morning how are you doing 
@FortuneMagazine I DO like your airlines, congrats! : ) 
MAC computer left on BWI to LA flight on 14th.  Reward for recovery; info important to owner.#HELP #passengers #honesty 
would you be willing to help me surprise my bestfriend with tickets to go see @Imaginedragons? #DestinationDragons Gracias! 
used to exclusively fly SW, but Late Flightly, direct flights &amp; cheaper costs have me switched. 😔 why...so... few...direct...flights? 
is it possible to book a refundable trip? Willing to pay extra. This would be for a domestic round trip flight 
nothing express about your express bag drop at Phoenix Sky Harbor 
@FortuneMagazine Love flying Southwest! Best flight attendants ever! 
@FortuneMagazine Love u Southwest. You've always been helpful. When I traveled a lot w/my son, infant/toddler, U were great! 
is there any chance I could get tickets to the #DestinationDragons show in Vegas? Ive been a huge fan for years! Pretty please 
For my Grandma Ella's 80th, she would love a bday greeting from your flight crew! She was a stewardess for Eastern Airlines. 
@FortuneMagazine Congratulations! 
to @SouthwestAir , I get to go to the #DestinationDragons @Imaginedragons show this weekend in UTAH @VelourLive  !!! #ThankYou 
Thank you for the prompt response. I will email Late Flightr today. 
I wish I would've known so I could've slept 2 hours more and let my friend know not to wait for me after she lands... 
oh my god thank you so much!!! I just sent you a DM 
sure can! Just a second. 
I paid for inflight wifi only for it not to work. Download speed was 0.21mbps &amp; I ended up watching the free TV instead. 
Incredibly frustrating. I emailed but still haven't received a response. 
. I don't like the new schedule. No more nonstops from PHL to FLL or PBI? We are not free to move between those cities. Sad. 
@jlittle100 Double up with this comment. PHL to anywhere South Florida is GONE GONE GONE. Hello US Air 
listening center is open seating just like on their planes. #RaganDisney 
has 22 employees on Social Care Team, 4 staff the Listening Ctr. at any time-rest of spots filled by other areas. #RaganDisney 
@FortuneMagazine Superb choice - SWA. I am a raving fan. They even take stress out of weather-reLate Flightd glitches!  #custexp 
Every flight flown by me personally(about two round trips per month) is FULL. Still hard to believe. Fly 8 hours thru ATL?NO 
unfortunately no, it's my lack of status that's the big problem. My company policy forces me to buy the cheapest tickets 
I got a phishing email claiming to be from Southwest. I can forward to you if you'd like to investigate. 
@FortuneMagazine friendliest employees 
@FortuneMagazine I always tell everyone to fly Southwest! Congratulations!!! 
please please please choose me to go see @Imaginedragons   #DestinationDragons 
@FortuneMagazine well deserved! 
@FortuneMagazine Congrats! 
SW rocks, thanks for the reply and the follow. Rebooked earlier flight! 
@FortuneMagazine. I'm flying on one right this minute 
question all.  When will I receive my yearly bonus point accumulation? I think it's around now but not sure.  Thanks! :) 
please hire an efficiency consultant to manage your PHX baggage checkin. Way to many open kiosks with 100's of ppl waiting 
@FortuneMagazine Love SW forever😃💕😍⤴⤴ 
having trouble reFlight Booking Problems a Cancelled Flighted flight. no one picking up phones and your site isn't working. 
RUDE gate agent. Wholly unacceptable to us &amp; other passengers. Think this will be our last time on sw. 
rude customer svc, won't accommodate an earlier flight w/o $400 charge. US Mail takes priority over customers. #badservice 
Can someone rebook me? Please direct message me. 
My DM won't go through but it is 261633561838. Please let me know if you need anything else. 
I already follow you and can't DM because u need to follow me back 
real sincere apology! Makes my day! Glad to know flying mail is more important than me. Never flying SW again! #badservice 
boarding passes now compatible with #iPhone #Passbook 
http://t.co/1ESmMnIZEk 
That would be great. Thank you! I'll send it over when you follow. 
adding direct flights from #Columbus to #Oakland, @BostonLogan 
http://t.co/p8Vcz4XTHM via @DispatchAlerts 
got "duped" w/ a connection on 1st flight (sneaky), now u won't give me a seat on an earlier flight w/ availability. Shameful 
I can easily get to the Atlanta show, I just need tickets, help?! 
thank you!!! #bringbacktheluvtordu #miami #directflights 
..just booked trip to Cancun...❤️ no baggage fees..but need to have more flight time options 
wouldn't it be awesome for my first time flying to be #DestinationDragons?! 
I owe you an apology. My tweet was out of frustration, not constructive criticism. I'm a SW fan &amp; LOVE your service! 
Again, please accept my apologies for my lame, childish tweet. You didn't deserve that, &amp; I remain a LOYAL SW customer! 
A little surprised my Early Bird got me B15 from DEN to KC just now. Worst I've had. What's up? 
I pay for a service to be delivered. Whether or not it is your fault shouldn't there be some sort of compensation? 
Yes I know that. Also noticed you offer A list boarding after A60. So your programs are too popular. 
are there any flights from MSP to HRL in March? I'm looking at 3/19-3/23 
this inflight WIFI is the absolute worst. I'd be willing to have paid double for dialup speeds...  #Flight7 
is really stepping up their "service"🐩 http://t.co/VQTyza6Mzu 
no flights to HRL :( is this a limited route? 
great news for @PortColumbusCMH today. Finally, Columbus' top unserved market will have flights. 
Why doesn't mean TSA PreCheck show up on my mobile boarding pass? My KTN is linked to my account. 
yes can do 
thank you for always going above and beyond with your customer service!!!!!! #favoriteairline #luvforSW #southwestAir 
great cabin and flight crew this morning on #578. A great smile and happy staff are signs of a happy company. Thanks. 
is the best airline out there no one is better than them #OneLove #Southwest #bestairline 
AMAZING c/s today by SW thank you SO very much. This is the reason we fly you #southwest 
This is unbelievable... Thank you so much! #DestinationDragons 
surprise surprise more delays. Seems to be the norm.  Broken down equipment. 
Report was filed but would like to support some active searching.  Feels pretty passive now.  Info on computer is precious. 
@BrittanyOBX11, keeping families apart w/ your quirky, archaic policies. Any other airline accommodates in this situation. 
you need to get your act together. You new this morning at 830 our plane was malfunctioning. Yet I've been delayed 3 times .. 
not to mention I now have to sit in the airport for 4 hours. You've ruined my trip. I am not happy and want compensation. 
and YOUR costumer service representative lied to me and ensured me the plane would be leaving by 330.. It's scheduled for 455 
there is a good chance myself nor anyone else in this airport will ever be Flight Booking Problems southwest again.. 
yeehaw. You found us another plane.  Thx for listening to me vent. 
if this flight is Cancelled Flighted or delayed any further I expect full compensation for my park ticket, hotel &amp; flight.. 
is awful. They have lost my bag and aren't providing any info. This is day 3 and nothing. #WORSTAIRLINEEVER 
 3 flights yesterday; no treats but nuts and pretzels. Also no origami in the magazine. New policies? #OldPoliciesWayBetter 
now flying non stop CMH-OAK has me daydreaming about a trip to the bay...especially in this weather. #OhioProbz 
I have 2d and 3d embossed badges and patches superior to the ones you are currently using. 
http://t.co/3fq3XElbOn 
why must the 4:45pm nonstop BOS-BNA flight stop running after August 7??? 
Scott is the best!!! Thank yo from the bottom of my heart💕#DestinationDragons with friends in LA @HayleyMad see u Friday 
Is your BWI-SJD service seasonal? Wasn't part of extension. Called intl desk. They didn't know. Want to fly in Sept on Sat. 
following!! My bad. 
#DestinationDragons @Imaginedragons I'm a HUGE FAN! I would love tix to your show! 
A-List Pref credit card holder called exclusive # and hung up after on hold for 14 min. What gives??? 
@Imaginedragons #DestinationDragons Any tix to spare? I wanna go see the show on Friday in LA with my friend @HayleyMad! 
What's with the pricing cache?! About to book a flight, refreshed the page, &amp; the price jumped from $73 to $159. Ridiculous. 😑 
your A-list program is a complete JOKE! Your company does not value loyal customers.Time to look for another "go-to" airliner 
Do you perhaps have a pair to the Atlanta show? #prettyplease 
please help me get tickets to the @Imaginedragons club show in Atlanta?! #DestinationDragons 
suggestion- shades on the windows @KCIAirport so travelers won't have to watch ur luggage handlers throwing their bags around 
do you have a pair of tickets to the @Imaginedragons show in Atlanta?! I'd love to go! #DestinationDragons 
thanks for your attention, I've been flying southwest for 3 years and haven't had this issue in the past. 
can I get some luv with a fallow? 
Thanks I get that. It looks like all BWI-SJD services stops after Aug 7. Is that the case? I cant find one date with flights. 
for my travel I see bz class and get away are sld out. Anytime is available . How do I know how many anytime are available? 
do you have any flights from NAS-BWI ton March 23? 
I was just sitting here talking at a tech conference about how awesome you guys are and this rolled across. Luv you guys! #LOL 
never got any notification that flight 955 was Cancelled Flighted today. Correct phone # and email on file. Not a happy customer. 
Yes. Please train your customer service agents with correct protocol.. I should not be receiving different 411 evrytime I call 
Don't worry, you will! :-) 
no one has answers...no one can help. There is always a different story to why my and my fiancee' can't be helped. 
for your loyal A-list customers it should be easier to get help and bring resolution to issues with your rewards program. 
thanks a lot for sending a "special deal" with @Budget. Getting screwed is the best when on vacation #sarcasm get new partners 
you should know the crew today on flight #1071 AUS to PDX was awesome! #SWA 
Thank you. Great tool 
wow! Some things are better forgotten! 
Unable to check in my flight. It says my itinerary is ineligible for checkin online. Go to counter. Very inconvenient!!! 
Yes I can. But you guys should get your act together. 
PWM direct to Orlando on Saturdays, why is this only happening in March? I thought it was going to be a permanent thing. :( 
Do y'all know when the new routes from HOU to Aruba &amp; Puerto Vallarta will be available? 
4467 and 152 on 2/25 and 503 and 25 on 2/26th. 
#IfThe80sNeverStopped, we'd still be rocking out to this chart-topping hit". What?  The 80's are over? 
can't DM you without you following me... 
Why can't I find a cheap flight from DC to St Louis? The prices went up like crazy for April weekends! 
@saianel You could have just said "We don't know" 
reviewing your oversize policy. Hardcase golfbags are free if under weight. How do we add guitars and instruments to the list? 
My boyfriend and I have LOVED @Imaginedragons since 2009 &amp; it would be so awesome to go to Vegas event. Any way you can help? 
just announced non-stop flights to Dallas from Columbus. Well next time @iGotMonte best you'll have less time airport hopin 😂😂 
why doesn't your terminal B in LGA have pre-check? Makes me want to never fly your airline 
thanks for the b day concert I watched them all (and noticed the fist bump/high five at the end of the "rock" version) 
any idea if there will be any "spring sales" soon for travel from Late Flight August to early September? Going from PA to LAX. 
@SouthwestAir ! #heartlanta 
I just received your birthday card.  It was amazing and made me smile with joy.  Nice videos.  Thanks. 
thank you. Please follow and I will send. 
makes flying for @UNO_Baseball fun! Flight crew just led the plane in singing happy birthday to one of our guys! #LuvInTheAir 
experiencing the worst customer service ever currently. Waited for CS rep, then put "on hold" but actually was hung up on. 
almost bumped me off my flight to HRL when I was 20 minutes early then your staff was rude when I asked what was the problem? 
will you ever have a nonstop from #SJC to #BNA?? We'll take #SFO or #OAK too! Pleaseeeeee thank you! 
when can I start Flight Booking Problems for next years super bowl time? 😩#help 
you're killing me!! always #delayed from #SanDiego to #SF!! #ugh 
Pres/CEO Gary Kelly at #TheRoFo addressing 2000 of his BWI based employees. @cbsbaltimore http://t.co/OI32uq2tTZ 
Luvin me some flights today!! Don't change!!  And please add Paypal as payment option!!! 
@DreSparkles Thank you! I finally made it to my destination 
Flight Booking Problems all my Late Flight summer travel! Did the AUS-CUN direct flight disappear? 
I tried again with your in-flight wifi #fail 
CEO Gary Kelly, "We are America's most loved and most flown airline!" #SouthwestRally #BWI #bestemployees #swaculture #swapic 
*any site*?   gmail, facebook, etc. 
CEO Gary Kelly, "You all are absolutely my heroes!" #SouthwestRally #BWI #bestemployees #swaculture http://t.co/JTxyHQHfJJ 
my trip is a month away...why do you consider it "around the corner"? Is that a setting I can change? 
thank you! ❤️❤️❤️ you guys! 
me &amp; @sammi_jon3s are best friends because of @Imaginedragons. Any chance we could get tickets to #DestinationDragons ? 
@livvyports16 and I became best friends Bcuz of @Imaginedragons is there any other way? 
is there any way me &amp; my best friend could get tickets to #DestinationDragons ? they mean everything in the world to us. 
@Imaginedragons please help me and my best friend get tickets to #DestinationDragons we have so much to thank them for.... 
I'm excited too, but perhaps you could scale your excitement back by a few weeks... 
Oops...no functioning bathrooms on a fairly full flight?  Hope everyone on 702 from New York can hold it.  Me included. 
ok, gotcha! ✈️😃👍 
yes please 
thank you! 
My 11AM was canned. I empathize. But I think your Team has lost the right to be capitalized. It's a lowercase team day. 
YOU ARE THE EASIEST AIRLINE TO DEAL WITH.. I LOVEEEE YOU SO MUCH 
truly the best in #customerservice.  If something goes wrong, no matter how big or small the issue was, they fix it. Thank you 
might be the worst airline ever 
Problem is, I wasn't issued a position until today at the gate. And no option to upgrade. Not good when you're 6'4. 
don't ever tweet me again 
:( Thanks for the opportunity... 
@pancho_joe No, no, you must've heard us wrong. Sweet mixtape,though" 4 the record,I didn't leave the 80's, the 80's left me 
do you have any tickets to the Atlanta show? I would love to go with my sister ♥️🙏 
iPhone App Adds Passbook Support #Airlines #Travel http://t.co/lJzDTHD9Bv 
flight # 317 
I didn't say anything about patience, I said this is probably the last time I fly Southwest. I suggest others do the same. 
thank you, will do 
my Flt was delayed, scheduled to miss my connection, can I get some help? 8HH4P2 
has some of the best airfare prices! Gotta LUV them :) 
looking forward to the beats music available on my flight today. That's pretty cool. 
Did yall get rid of the Austin to Cabo flights all together? There's zero non-stop in Aug and Sept 
yall say flt 4200 is on time, yet we haven't boarded for a 3:35 departure b/c we are waiting on a new crew. Why the subterfuge 
to the rescue. Sundown in Chicago. Next stop San Antonio! http://t.co/rQBpmwETtq 
nvm, gate said they're holding connections. Thanks for quick response! 
Any way you can help with entry to Vegas event? My Boyfriend &amp; I have been @Imaginedragons fans since 2009. They are awesome! 
How do I enter passport information on an existing reservation before check in? 
Roger wilco. 
next up: enforcing your boarding procedure. 
you're going to compensate us for the two plane changes in Atlanta right? 
please reply to my DM ♥️ 
will you please work out a contract with @triflight to offer service there.. 
the crew of 4649 has been great to us today. Traveling from Ft. Lauderdale to Louisville with 2 kids 7 and under. Thanks!✈️✈️ 
@MichaelBColeman - thanks for making new direct flight to San Francisco. 
remember me? Wouldn't let me on 3:05pm flight (seats available). Now my 7:40 flight is delayed. Worst airline. #badservice 
sent 
lets chat about flights to and from BWI and the Carolina area... Can a girl get break? I've had to resort to USAir 😖 2 a day?! 
done.0 
can you please DM me? I have a question for you :) 
DM Sent. 
Sorry to spam, it would just be so awesome to see @Imaginedragons in Vegas. Your help would be absolutely amazing. 
you only hear about the bad things. Flying the last to weekends, the flights and crews were awesome. Thank you. 👍👍 
do we have a time estimate for our luggage? we'll be sure to fill out your survey!! 
@AMiltx3 You are forgiven most loved Customer,,,it's as if you never left :) ^LL” that's why you're bae ❤️ 
I tried to return to orig booked flt. told overbooked.Gng to diff dest.Feel like we were switched on purpose bec of overbook. 
love how you hold flight 2851 in PHX for Late Flight passengers and make us all over an hour Late Flight. Great job. 
good to know. Perhaps it was execution then. 
on #unscheduled aircraft change, please have a better system in place, not worth the paid upgrade. #REFUND 
Already signed up!  Thanks!  Looking forward to trying the Southwest experience. 
Making Miracles again! The customer service department gave me by far one of the friendliest phone calls ever. #wheelsup 
have to be honest, didn't expect a fast response, thank you!  Off to #Chiberia we go! 
on brd now.frustrated we go 2 #BUF not #ROC.if tld flt was gng 2b held earlier would not be a mess.cng bk unable due to overbk 
and now no wifi??? Come on. 
why do you charge so much moving from a full flight to an earlier flight with seats available?  doesn't make sense to me. 
the crew of SWA 4007 a high five from this AV-8B guy for its nice XW landing into @bostonlogan. Nicely done! 
Is there any way to get entry to the Las Vegas event to see @Imaginedragons perform? #DestinationDragons 
is seriously THE WORST. I don't remember the last time I or someone I knew had a flight that wasn't delayed / Cancelled Flightled / etc! 
Weather seriously cannot even be the only excuse at this point because it was awful service in the summer too. Over it. 
Your crew on 4028 tonight was outstanding. God bless them and the medically trained passengers on board. 
please do something about the speed of your WiFi connections on your planes.  It might as well be non-existent. 
I have a roundtrip ticket now and I need to change one leg of the trip (to a nearby airport) - not possible via website? 
why can't you help me after you made mistake and dropped my early bird check in on your end?  Where is the LUV? 
where is the great customer service I have come to know/expect; you LUV dropped by EB check in and no help in sight! 
 I look forward to those direct flights to California to see my family more often. Thank you @MichaelBColeman #byebyeusairline 
thanks for adding straight flights from Columbus to Oakland! 
Jason (108639) at Gate #3 in SAN made my afternoon!!! #southwestairlines #stellarservice #thanks! 
seems like you could make more money by opening up seats on a more desirable flight. 
what do you know? Finally lined up like cattle to board my SW flight (after original departure time) #badcustomerservice 
Dear SWA, I fly you a lot.   Most of the time, amazing. Today: unacceptable.I am sitting here in Midway delayed 20 min.... 
Your #Android Wi-Fi experience is terrible! $8 is a ripoff! I can't get to @NASCAR or MRN for @DISupdates #BudweiserDuels 
because your gate attendant let someone board whose boarding pass kept reading invalid. This messed up the passenger log. 
now we have to wait, and wait to get it straight. I fly you for personal and business. But now, not so sure. #BeBetter 
I figured the streaming wouldn't work per the TOS but just the @NASCAR site is taking longer than 5 minutes to load 
you know I ❤️you but trying my patience - had easier cheaper ways from TPA to PDX but stuck w u. Turned my 3 hrs in MCI to 6 
It was the usually excellent SWA flight! 
Paid for in flight wifi from Austin to San Diego - wasn't useable. :/ Possible to get a refund? Conf #8X7XVM 
a nice trip back home after a looong vaca 😊🌴 http://t.co/9TRvfnCedL 
after 4 hours of delays you did make a nice offer for rescheduling me the next day... but... 
it'd be nice if I could get an answer, even a simple "no" would do; I just want to know. :) 
Just realized my Luv Voucher expired today. :( Any chance of getting some luv with an extension? Please? #VeryLoyalCustomer 
link doesn't work 
offering us absolutely nothing for our troubles either. Blames the @TSA 
give me tickets to atlanta! I would do anything!  Anything 😆 
I notice that there are separate buttons for "guitar" and actual "music" in this pic. Some bands should take note of this. 
Can you help me out with tickets to the Vegas event? I would be so stoked! 
appreciate the reply, hopefully those LAX agents get the memo. Cheers! 
would be cool if the best airlines company hooked me up with @Imaginedragons tickets for Vegas ;) 
 Just picked up my bag at SEATAC all the clothes are soaking wet... #bagawim http://t.co/nGxAl9OmL6 
I have never been mor e disappointed in a company, charging $8 to use your wifi which only works for about 8 apps parhetic 
I love ya but your bringin me down. An hour Late Flight leaving and now we've been sitting in the runway for 20 min 😥 #fail 
We should be landing at RIC right now, but haven't even left ATL. Should have picked Delta maybe? 
BETSY is the BESTY! Gettin' stuck at #LAS might not be bad for most..but I want home! #homewardbound #betsy #besty #thankyou 
do we get to pick which @Imaginedragons show? #DestinationDragons 
I can't begin to tell you how slow my plane's wifi is. I can't even pull up an email.  What am i paying $8 for?? 
Yes! How about #DestinationDragons in San Diego?!? 
Hi! I ❤️ your company and fly all the time. I was wondering if you could please share this link &amp; read! http://t.co/lO6LghPcdU 
this would be an awesome experience #DestinationDragons 
I don't want to be too whiny. We accommodated several passengers whose earlier flight was Cancelled Flightled. Our flight was very long. 
Another delay. Wow 
I WOULD DO ANYTHING FOR tickets to the VEGAS... ANYTHING. I love imagine dragons so much!! 
I would love to go to the Atlanta show ♥️ 
I love imagine dragons o flipping much, pls #DestinationDragons 
I WANNAA GO TO THE VEGAS SHOW SO BAD ID DOO ANYTHING #DestinationDragons 
LOVE IMAGINE DRAGONS  SO MUCH I EOULD DIE IF I GOT TICKETS 
#delayed again! You're killing me Late Flightly! 
Why do airlines change ticket prices in the middle of the day
#annoyed 
my sinuses had to contend with two painful landings rather than one, and we missed a preregistration window. Beyond frustrated 
how about some sweet promo code to help me visit my family!!!.... Please!!!... Lol 
last 5 flights have all consistently ran behind schedule what's up with that ?? 
Flying with you in about 2 weeks, bringing blankets bc it's freezing!😜 
turned my non-stop flight between Laguardia/dal into a 1 stop in STL. WTH? I'm thinking some sorta comp is in order? REALLY? 
so for an extra luggage, it cost $75???? 
Promotion also said two free round trip flights. Nope, had to pay $200 extra for chi to Vegas. Bait&amp;switch. 
would love to win tickets and take my son to Imagine Dragons in Provo Saturday night.  Crossed fingers. #DestinationDragons 
was fantastic! That's the best flight service I've ever had. 
Gracias... appreciate that! 
unable to book travel right now on the website or through the app. Help! 
when are you releasing your flights for September? Just found out you fly direct lbb to las! So excited! #tripofalifetime 
three flights with three  check in agents, not enough. #missedflight  back to Jet Blue 
luxury! Only 40 people on this flight. I'm going to get spoiled. 
If a travel advisory is posted for DEN, can I then make changes to my ticket? Anything I need to know before I call? 
Hi! Winter Wx Advisory issued for STL. Snow &amp; Ice &amp; Cold, oh my! Will you issue a travel advisory for that? 
thanks for leaving me hanging here. #destinationdragons flights all fucked up now. No help?! 
thanks for responding. 
your employees at BWI have been amazing! 
hello. my flight is Cancelled Flightled for #destinationdragons and no one at your desk at KCI knows what the fuck is happening!!!!!!!! 
you do a great job of achieving that at most cities, just not at BWI. 
SWEET!!! Glad to hear it. I'll keep you guys in mind next time! 
What does this even mean?  I'm taking about letting elite customers who paid for a seat fill a seat that will go empty anyway. 
Thank you! I can't wait either :) 
is this account even aware of the #destinationdragons contest? The one youre fucking up for me? 
having trouble with Wifi. No matter what I get redirected back to getconnected page even though it says I'm connected. 
it is working on a different device, though. Any help is appreciated. 
that's bull. Once you add a fare to the cart you should be locked in. I made it all the way to PayPal. 
i hope i can take my selfie stick on the plane today! #goingtovegas 
I would love to go to the #DestinationDragons @ImagineDragons show tomorrow in Utah at @VelourLive! I've been trying so hard. 
you call this customer service?? Sitting in the tarmack for 1hr, lost bag, and you give me a $100. voucher??? 
 Glad to see you know how to keep the money in your own pockets. 'Thanks' for the voucher in return for lost bag. 
yeah... that's not what happened. I'm really pissed. This is the kind of thing I expect from US or Austrian, not you. 
Repeating this is policy is basically repeating "Fuck you" to your customers. I'll be shopping for a new airline ASAP 
Received awesome phone help from Jim today. Helped me switch around flights booked with points. 
I love you. Air travel doesn't get easier. 
sent DM 
Can you please follow so I can DM? Thx! 
it's too damn cold to be sitting on this runway with no heat!!!!! 
What's up with the new in-flight WiFi service? Super crappy user experience. Miss the old provider. :( 
sure did. Also read on there that Southwest doesn't believe it is liable for the incident. How is it my fault that SW lost it? 
the sign in screen had major mobile issues, the responsive design wasn't working properly my Nexus 5. 
The in-browser hover over is intrusive and annoying. And the fact that the WiFi only works on one device is sort of sad. 
when is the last chance to get #DestinationDragons tickets? I would die of happiness if I won 😭🙏 
yes, thank you. Just sent DM. 
excruciatingly slow internet on SWA flights is now the norm, rather than the exception. Is this being addressed? 
 Longer flights with 300 series no wifi? Will be great when you retire them. 
i live in the southwest, Imagine Dragons is my favorite band, and i met my 2bestfriends thanks to them. it would be amazing + 
#DestinationDragons iD is my favorite band and i met my 2bestfriends thanks to them! it would be life changing to see them! 
I have been loyal to Southwest from the beginning but very unhappy about your devaluation. 
you were my go to airline now not so much!! You say you care but I now see not so much! Right now, you suck!! 
Jackpot!  #legroom http://t.co/ZO2iceG4lI 
save mile to visit family in 2015 and this will impact how many times I can see my mother.  I planned and you change the rules 
why did you book my hotel twice?!?! Ahhhhh 
sure thing 
After flying Delta this week, GoGo was so good. The tweet I sent you didn't even send until we landed - that's how bad it was 
please do. Hate having to fly a different airline. You're my fav. 
 what is the status on flight#122 STL-AUS? 
shout out to the flight #4386 crew for taking amazing care of us on our double down flight! #thankyou 
Who can I contact about requesting a charity donation? #ThankYou 
Love, love, love this. Southwest Rocks!! Always!! https://t.co/q8VSfFRd1u 
flight from BWI to ISP ready to go! Thanks for keeping us warm! #FrigidFriday http://t.co/bfPfW6eyKU 
have been doing that for hours already 
 getting the run around today with customer service &amp; disconnected customer relations # given twice. Help!!! 
what do I need to do when TSA pre doesn't show for a flight of mine? 
FJBFSC  all I need is receipt showing the 776.20 charge I have on my Amex not the 656.xx that I keep getting sent 
Thank You. We'll be in touch! #MoveAboutTheCountry 
Hi! Just wanted to see if you have any new routes planned this year for Newark. Love flying you guys and hope to do so more! 
 flying Southwest for the first time to LGA with a layover in Atlanta! 
@Vindictive_tK Larry David works for southwest? 
@geekstiel Do you know when the last chance is? 
 I have a flight 2/22 @930 am from Fort Lauderdale to bwi.. Can I Cancelled Flight that flight ? Flight 3458 trip I'd 314505529 
make this delay go away. Maybe upgrade me and Kats seats. We are headed to Columbus. 
When is the last chance to win #DestinationDragon ??? 
I DMed you :) 
couldn't make flight, funds forfeited as a no show!! Was trying to book another flight using those funds, I'm out. 
If you could get me on the 12:15 flight! My 10:10 has been delayed until 1:05. 
THANK YOU SO MUCH YOURE AMAZING IM GOING TO CRY OMG 
oh my gosh! Going to dm you now! Thank you! 
Thanks! I know the routes you currently have from Newark. I was just wondering if there was any new ones on the horizon 
how long does it take for points from RR Shopping to post to my account? Got email saying I've earned points but don't see em 
what number can we use to all from outside the US? Thx 
what does relay concerns really mean &amp; how/why do u keep letting people on flights with bags larger than u state are allowabl? 
sent 
can you show me some luv?Its 9 degrees and all this snow but Imdetermined to go to #DestinationDragons http://t.co/oXm6cWGaB7 
if you are going to be inconsistent enforcing your rules, I'd prefer you not randomly take it out on freq flyers that obey 
I would. 
you could be a little more accommodating with extending my flight credit.Whats 10 extra days!#notahappytraveler 
can you answer the phone so I can change my flight plans. Srsly. 
4-4 in horrible customer service. Empty seats in early flight wantcharge me double to get home early instead the usual Late Flight 
ha, ha not a make or break for me either way! 
- 800 is not int'l friendly 
give this guy a raise....great start to flight from AZ to MKE.. 
Deborah helped me💁 
Hi there. We’re flying SWA today. Our son has a peanut allergy. Any way to request the crew not serve peanuts on flight? Thx 
how do I go on the scavenger hunt if I'm in Boston? 
Cancelled Flighting flights 45 minutes before takeoff &amp; sitting for 45 min on the runway of the rescheduled flight #badservice 
shhhh i don't want something else to steal our deal😉 
thanks for the info and the quick response! 
That guy was the flight attendant on my last flight… he was hilarious! ☺ 
that's awesome! Love flying SWA! 
y airline I fly with, but haven't seen anything like this yet! 
you will extend if I call the day it expires.why can't it just be extended now?#mightmismybrosgraduation 
so, when your plane doesn't work the luxuries I paid for go away but you keep my money? I need that biz model. 
Maybe it is just a machine... 
is that @MurraySawChuck 
very frustrated. Bought early bird at 6:30am on day tickets were released and got mid-B ticket. Spend $50 for nothing 
already booked my tickets for August 20th-30th!  Can't wait for my vacation! 
 I will dm you now 
delay is understandable but look at the time of the the flight and boarding time. Weird! 
Flight to Nashville was Cancelled Flightled. How do we another flight? I've been trying to call &amp; cannot get a human 
Flying now from JAX to DEN and I paid $8 for wifi that barely is functional.  Couldn't do work if I wanted to.  Never again. 
will you please start offering services out of @triflight and @AshevilleAir to other airports.. Have to drive 3-4 hrs to use u 
No no no. SWA low fares and on-time service is great! But manufactured quirkiness? Mmm, not so much. Signed, -CaptiveAudience 
so the fares I see for flights in fall are the ABSOULUTELY LOWEST they will be? 
If there are any Imagine Dragons tickets left for tomorrow at 
@VelourLive here in Utah I would love to go I am available! :) 
will do. Thank you. 
I will if you can see about moving up my Brother in laws graduation to the 6th.  Thanks. 
SEA to DEN. South Sound Volleyball team on its way! http://t.co/tN5cXCld6M 
Please start charging for carryon luggage. #CarryOnBagsSlowEverybodyDown 
CEO Kelly draws record crowd to @BWI_Airport Business Partnership breakfast http://t.co/hrvuKtpvn1 http://t.co/MY3dnVBZAZ 
CEO Kelly draws record crowd to @BWI_Airport Business Partnership breakfast http://t.co/CVba4olcBl http://t.co/wTa5pX70A5 
So that's what happens when your power level goes over 9,000... feet in the air. 
understood. Just frustrating, you buy early bird check on the day they go on sale at 6:30am and get mid 'b'. Feel ripped off. 
Please explain to reps, ignoring a technical issue and passing the buck is not a good business model. Lucky limited to 140 
flights from sunny SFO delayed for hours and others Cancelled Flightled left and right with little updates. Any help @SouthwestAir? 
huge problem with someone whose ticket was Cancelled Flighted mid trip. Can you DM? 
did you Cancelled Flight ALL flights into BNA today??? #needtogethome 
thank you! DMing now. 
now accepting #Apple's Passbook app for boarding passes. App works on #iPhone &amp; #iPodTouch, not #iPad. http://t.co/XxSaomBdGS 
how oh how do we get tickets! ?! 
 Please Help. We really want to fly with you. #guessweflyingdelta 
Apparently mechanics had to be flown in to fix some planes...not the most assuring sign 
Thanks Lindsey &amp; the Southwest twitter team for great service &amp; a speedy resolution #LuvAgent #swa 
again another ride SW employee that printed out boarding passes. Deficiency in training obviously 
2 1/2 hours Late Flight, but I made it to sf! Maybe you can help me get on an earlier flight on Sunday :) 
you for your help, Shannon! Great customer service, @SouthwestAir. 
 I can go.  I want to badly!!!!   I don't know how to DM.  Can I e-mail you?   Help!!!  wmn4life@hotmail.com 
 I am following you now. 
hello I was talking with @SouthwestVerity but it says you moved here, they sent me a voucher but does not work can u help? 
I have the DM from @SouthwestVerity if needed 
How can I refer a friend for the Southwest Credit card for points? 
Cancelled Flightled, had to get refund. Cancelled Flightlations happen. But the 25+ min phone wait &amp; painful music unacceptable. Come on... 
I have a question re: your ATL companion pass offer. I know I need 3 revenue flight roundtrips. What's a revenue flight? thnx 
4 hour delay in ATL due to "air traffic control"....love missing an entire day of my vacation #unhappycustomer #mytimeismoney 
I have a credit that expires a month before my flight, is there any possible way I can have that extended? 
you guys rock! So easy, quick, and affordable to change my flight. #bestairlineever #neverchange 
yes but not with out an attitude and nasty comment 
okay thank you :), also I did get a tweet earlier about 1.5 hrs ago saying I won &amp; should send a DM but then it was deleted? 
@KCIAirport “@SouthwestAir: Inclement weather may impact scheduled service in. ReFlight Booking Problems options available: http://t.co/KeyrpFlHil” 
 when is the next flight with free cocktails ? 
one of my bags didn't make it to my destination. I have the claim ticket. Any way to help out with a status on the location? 
Was going for the weekend for friend's birthday, so no point in reFlight Booking Problems. 
No thanks. After those 25+ minutes someone did eventually help us and took care of it. 
@SAMoore10 Thank you for your kind response.  The acknowledgement and apology go a long way! #southwestrocks 
This has to be the best video I have seen ever! - #teamspirit https://t.co/X5JenA7NyE 
beautiful day in Seattle! http://t.co/iqu0PPVq2S 
yeah haha. Never been in one. It's expensive 😂😂 and we will!!!!! So much fun! #destinationdragons 
oh I see what you did there! Thanks for supporting #PadresST. 
thank you so so much for sending me to LA for #DestinationDragons! Tonight is gonna rock😎 
so u guys Cancelled Flight #bna flights &amp; don't bother 2 alert passengers? What gives? 
IM NOT THO 😭😭💔💔💔💔💔💔💔 
can one use a companion pass w/ a points Flight Booking Problems or is it only cash fares? Thx! 
 over 15 minutes without talking to a human at what point would you recommend I call @AmericanAir http://t.co/ysqbVq6Mgb 
will there a non-stop flight from Midway to Boise for this summer season? Looking to book at labor day trip.  Ty 
get me on flight 4146 to denver and I'll be more than happy !!!!! 
I'm 30 mins out WAIT FOR ME😭😭😭 
it's pretty stupid and I probably won't fly it again. Plus hearing nightmare stories of overbooked flights. 
and this asshole cut in front of me. Your system blows. http://t.co/7ujt8VTCpa 
I cannot DM you as you do not follow me. 
well I HAD a car &amp; free place 2 stay had I known Unacceptable treatment from Spvsr. Sally in Cleveland. #Disappointed 
how many left?! I'm 15 min wway 
left behind iPad Air on flight 505 from Bradley to BWI, plane had already left by the time I realized. Can you possibly help? 
I'm on the 110 lol has anyone arrived yet?? 
what about for us that cant get to the states they are playing for the hunt? Any DestinationDragons tickets left?Even just one 
thanks for losing my luggage 
thanks for being so good to us #military folk. It's cold in #StLouis but I sure enjoyed my flight. http://t.co/RcdH183Q1J 
SWA agent Jacquie Plitt @Orangecounty SNA rudely tells me You're not going 2 CABO today or manana back 2 PHX flew @USAirways 
how many are left?! 
Flight 3056. Only an hour long but one of the best flights I've ever had. Kudos to flight crew and airline in general. 
 is there a route to flight from Mexico City to Chicago midway using your services? 
8 mins!!! http://t.co/bbZiJWFDL3 
needs 2 make me whole Used my tkt back n PHX due 2 rude SNA agent Jacquie Plitt flew @USAirways 2 CABO http://t.co/QxWW1p09a0 
  Happily, flight 1625 was not delayed when a cockpit visit blew my four-yr-old's mind. Thanks, Cap'n! http://t.co/C8mqEzXVdH 
doesn't care nor does SNA agent Jacquie Plitt, rude gal bad attitude! had 2 fly @USAirways 2 CABO thx http://t.co/VbUxfPCKfa 
5 min away! 
Yes, but I like need my luggage before tomorrow morning 
please please please http://t.co/xiJiFYmvqP 
go @franks105 go! 
okaaaaay UGH IM 8 MIN AWAY 
I saw ppl were winning tickets still, how do we win some? 
no one I call knows anything about it so I'm just wondering how to get any? #DestinationDragons 
rules. 
please....can I have the last tickets for me and my best friend to #DestinationDragons http://t.co/eQqi1nfSZh 
 after 38 minutes on the phone I'm given another number to call now still on hold with them. http://t.co/1ZT2kEe8up 
I was on hold for 30 minutes &amp; no one knows how to win these tickets that you're still handing out? #DestinationDragons 
any chance they will change this to include Northeast airports?  JetBlue has. 
THANK YOU SO MUCH!! http://t.co/tGSB1DfPS3 
@TheEllenShow @Imaginedragons if only that was me! 😍 #DestinationDragons 
any spare tickets for Vegas? Would be forever grateful! #DestinationDragons 
Cancelled Flights arrivals &amp; departures in Nashville as of 5pm. That and more weather headlines @ 4pm #LiveOnFOX17 #FebruaryFreezeFox17 
Your wifi stinks. I'm not mad, but i wouldn't hate it if i got my money refunded. 
when will you have flight from DAL to PVD? 
heyo! What is causing flight 1836 ewr to hou to be delayed? 
aren't you based in Chicago? Why are you doing a hunt in LA and not your home city????!! Please bring one home 
so excited about our last minute trip to @Disneyland (and she doesn't know yet!) http://t.co/nKAFbjyARi 
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR ACCESS TO #DestinationDragons TONIGHT AT @theTroubadour 😁 @Imaginedragons Crying /dying rn #ripme 
I filled in the form on the website too. Darn it all. I guess I'll just have to cross my fingers. 
just want the money I paid for early bird refunded. Noone seemed to be able at three different. SW should have that worked out 
LACMA on Fairfax. 
please acknowledge Attendant Jeff Wernicke. Beat in class and service on SW 
not if its travel Credit you used to buy and it expires on the day you find a lower rate 
you guys just rip me off if I could Cancelled Flight every flight I had booked for my employees I  would Buyer beware 
Gary Kelly should be ashamed of himself running a corporation in this way 
are you guys alive? i've been on hold for 25 minutes and counting..... 
Totally sucks that my flights were weathered out of existence, but Stacy in Tucson helped with an overnight in Vegas! 
Late Flightly you've always been Late Flight! Please get back to the old #SWA!! 
has posted flight schedule covering the date range of @_defcon_ 23 
not sure I can trust a statement with that many small numbers above words. http://t.co/o3sRL1hfho 
got it taken care of! thank you &lt;3 
@TheEllenShow @Imaginedragons this job interferes w/Ellen Show &amp; concerts! will alway treasure my @LiveAtFirefly experience! 
I would sell my nonexistent soul to go see #DestinationDragons 
= easy and pleasant. @united = difficult and stressful. Learned my lesson. 
I would die if I got tickets to #DestinationDragons and you would be invited to my funeral 
I am committed okay please hook me up for #DestinationDragons 
I need Imagine Dragons like I need air..... PLEASE HOOM ME UP FOR THE VEGAS SHOW ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) 
PLEASE HELP! I would die to see the Vegas show! It would be amazing to hear their songs for real! 
http://t.co/tTXRSyNLxr doesn't work on my flight. Just fyi. 
baggage woman said it was in Blatimore and would be on a plane this morning. Now they can't find it. WTF!??? 
I would be eternally grateful for tickets to the Vegas show ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) God bless 
do you have special fares for students to visit prospective schools?  It's expensive to visit graduate programs. 
tweet just popped up on my phone with @amin_aur follows. Missing my favorite Southwest pilot and brother. 
WTF, my flight was delayed and then I go to board and my boarding pass has disappeared from the Southwest app! 
@JulGood1 she was traveling with me the one that got miscommunicated with 
OMG OMG OMG !!! I JUST DID!! 
here we go again. Delayed in Chicago why offer the 630 flight if you never intend to fly it 
I will do just about anything tO GO TO THE VEGAS SHOW PLEASE MAN 
so happy that you can finally put your #southwestairlines boarding pass into passbook! Makes life so much easier ✈️ 
#promotion fly 3 roundtrip #flights to and from #ATL between 2/15 and 5/17 and get a companion pass for the year #travel 
Are there any current promotions/codes for Nashville-Denver? Thank you! 
I will tell marry a lamp if you give me tickets to the Vegas show please I am desperate 
   How's life @ the NOC? 
thank you. See u next wednesday in FLL. Save me some peanuts 
Thank you! 
thanks! More concerned about the conflicting texts I was receiving my about my flight  Having to drive 10 hours now 😢 
@dultch97 that's horse radish 😤🐴 
I'm on the 10:55 flight! Everyone has been so nice and helpful! I'm just hoping we'll get to fly out! Thank you! ;) 
$192 rndtrp 4/30-5/5 "@DJQ_KC: RT @djimpact: If you're trying to make travel reservations for Vegas on May 2nd it's too Late Flight" 
how can customers get in touch with you internationally from Mexico for lost baggage 
Great trip on 2672 yesterday - outstanding flight attendants 
@SacIntlAirport Feels like a good day to fly!!  Thanks for the ontime departure to SNA!!:) #bestinclass #30000ft #takemehome 
I'll have to drop by next time I visit! 
just do it that easy 
I wish i would've seen this 4 hours ago!!! I WANTED TO SEE THEM TONIGHT SO BAD!!!! #CRYING 
@dultch97 kid just wants fucking money #scumbag 
 traveling 2bwi nMaryland 2morrw any chance the flight being Cancelled Flightled to inclement weather? Any chance can get earlier flight 
So the upcoming RR changes/Deval is trying to tell me not to fly southwest anymore because i am loyal so far. i get it. 
you are lucky to have people like Annamarie and Norris at BWI. I hope they get recognized for excellent cust. service 
is the contest over for Destination Dragons? I want to try to do everything I can to go. 
Ahah😃💕🎵 That is why
I love SW✈❗(^^)❤ 
when will airfare be available through December of this year? I have 2 major trips coming up and I'm anxious to book them! 
I am absolutely sick of 300s and no wifi! 
we had early bird, and it was great. Your employees were awesome. It was 3 passengers who killed the buzz. 
14 hours????  Sorry don't get it. Oh well. Screw the weekend in Az right?  Eat the hotel, no problem. 
is that the same reliable system couldn't find my info and then said it refund my credit card ? 
alist pref doesn't do any good if direct to atl is always wifiless. Flight 1701. 
can you help me with reFlight Booking Problems? My flight was Cancelled Flighted. FWHEI6 
it says I can't because my flight is in progress. 
there's an hour wait here for reFlight Booking Problems in line at Omaha. 
well my mom called earlier and you guys had her on hold for close to an hour 
my parents flight frm STL2ATL Cancelled Flighted 2nite. When's the next one out?! 
no her lunch was over by the time she got her call answered 
not frustrated, just an idea! Great crew. Thanks! #happycustomer 
thx for smooth landing today @fly2midway, we applauded! Now what can u do abt the weather? #takemeback http://t.co/OQZ7Wc4lLA 
my son is flying South West from NOLA-Orlando, hope to enter for him to win this contest #DestinationDragons 
@SwagglikeBean take me here 
-17mph winds and would do anything to be in Florida right now.. help a sister out!! 
great flight got us back on time!  Thanks 
thanks for an awesome flight and connection! We were delayed but your staff and crew were purely amazing! 
LUVed the SJC gate 23 agent this am who boarded flight 372 to DAL. Didn't get his name. He represents your brand so well. 
rocks! Open letter to flight attendant. http://t.co/zFrOINPSzI  &lt; my child was inspired.  Thank you. 
we're doing our best; sitting at a gate waiting (while not being given information why we're delayed) isn't making this easy 
first time flying with you. You've definitely won me over! 
you guys held our flight #330!  Thank you!!!  About to take off from MDW now to Oakland.  Thanks 
- stuck on the runway, again. Delayed on Wednesday. Not a good way to take care of your loyal customers. 
I think that flight was supposed to go to Houston as well, in case someone could check that? 
Cancelled Flightled my flight and I'm stranded in St. Louis. Not sure what to do. No other flight until tomorrow. Am I to sleep in airpt 
Thanks so much. Appreciate your kindness in adjusting our reservation. Even during snowstorms, I still prefer Southwest. 👍 
@JasonWhitely flt 947 Emer stop in Albuquer for a heart condition, crew was awesome, pilot was Maverick on the divert. 
I'm in line at the airport right now. Will you cover hotel fair or am I to sleep in the airport? 
booked the 8th.... Save me an emergency exit... Gotta stretch out 
thanks for the ride to Chicago. #kmdw #b738 http://t.co/6cpYPGFnD6 
All's well. I got comped with multiple other bags which just made my day! http://t.co/1AAVvoREpH 
Loved one's flight ATL to IND Cancelled Flightled due to "ice in Indy". Sitting here in Indy, it is bone dry. Tomorrow 4-6" of snow. 
not sure why we are still here in Dallas.  Plane has been at gate for 30 min.  No update at all.  Flight 1140, poor service. 
Well plane arrived pretty much on time and it's 68 degrees on the ground in Texas. Not much to complain about. 
I have a voucher w swa that expires 4/10. An extension would be a lot of luv 
every other city on your nationwide sale has fabulous fares. Why nothing from Buffalo? except for 2 cities? 
my father was kind enough to offer to pay for a hotel, but I can't use this coupon if he pays from FL. no help? 
is making dreams come true with their #DestinationDragons scavenger hunt! You can win a chance to see Imagine Dragons! Go! 
@FortuneMagazine 
great news. 
how do I find travel funds I have available to use f/ past changed flights? don't see an option in my account. 
flight to San Diego is delayed per usual.. take me home! 
it was 3472 
cool the plane you said is ours that just left the terminal for a diff city? She a cold betch for "flying the friendly skies" 
sucks. Passengers leaving the plane to make room luggage, checking luggage and getting back on. Delayed flights to same city. 
wanting a ⭐️ for the ✈️ finding the gate. No apology or exp. All good, I'm sure connecting flight leaving SAC will be chill! 
Do you still offer discounts on seats for children under 2? We would rather put him in a seat than in a lap! 
@TifffyHuang I met my twitter friend waiting outside the Troubadour #DestinationDragons http://t.co/lf69waf5ad 
- did SWA send out customer surveys to earn $100 toward flights? Is this legit? 
Salted or honey roasted? I vote to bring back the salted peanuts. I dread a year of the honey roasted!😖 http://t.co/RHw78ktQFO 
Horrible experience ever with airline..Have to reconsider any future flights. Customer service ... http://t.co/EczHcmM5vi 
Hey sourhwest can you send me to Atlanta to see @Imaginedragons ? I will fly southwest forever. U guys are the best airline! 
Landed an hour Late Flight from IND to DEN, and 40+ min Late Flightr, our bags are not here. Not cool. 
Hey southwest! I wanna go to see @Imaginedragons ! You guys are a lot better then jet blue. 
Your staff was really kind about the flight delay. Luggage? Not at all. Very disappointing. 
Grand total from landing to getting bag: one hour. That's very sad. 
Been sitting outside our gate for 30 mins at LGA. Why no move to another gate? We'e baking on this plane!?! flight #3415 
got a text my flight was Cancelled Flightled! Now what do I do :/?? Help please!!! 
Hey there, can you follow us so we can DM you a question :) 😁 
at troubadour with @Imaginedragons .#DestinationDragons http://t.co/rKlQXXaWhc 
 If you'd love to see more girls get inspired about becoming pilots, RT our free Albuquerque event. http://t.co/rfXlV1kGDh 
I lost my luggage. My birthday wish is to find my luggage. 
how often are airplane seats/tray tables cleaned and sanitized? rather have air purifier and clean seats than #wifi 😷😱 
Do you have childrens rates for flights? 
I have a flight on Sunday the 22nd to Columbus from Denver. I just got a travel alert on my southwest app. Is the rescheduling 
absolutely required? Are the flights going to be 100% Cancelled Flighted? 
why did I not receive drink coupons with 65,000 points? But all my friends did? 
had a great LA flight with Clarence and Frank! Those 2 guys are a hoot! 😜😂 thanks 
DAL is due for sleet Sun. eve-didn't see it listed for cities that can re-book?  Fly to DCA at 8:10 
were you handing out tickets while I was sleep ? 
we are trying to go as far away from King'sCollegeLondon as possible for charity today. Would you help us ? #jailbreak #RAG 
Anyone answering phone this morning at 800IFLYSWA? On hold 51 minutes and counting... 
I need your help but no one will pick up the phone. 
app error - says click here, can't click not hyperlinked http://t.co/IH5w9nfKz2 
@Imaginedragons #DestinationDragons Scavenger Hunt rules: http://t.co/vHgkiTzSaw 
There's nothing I love more than being on hold for over an hour http://t.co/LIQWoblFbT 
Any plans to implement a call-back system on your reFlight Booking Problems line? Been on hold for over an hour now... 
rocks - @AmericanAir horror 
On hold for two hours and it timed-out on me. Great system you got there. 
apologies help. Would have been nice had supvsr. Sally in CLE offered one. Not usual gr8 southwest customer service I love 
jumped the gun a little Cancelled Flighting our flights? No other airline is Cancelled Flighting out of Louisville. You're ruining my vacation. 
flt 3260 out of mht. Have fun with my kids and grandkids 10 of them!!  Jack says hi! http://t.co/BHOOiyT6ZQ 
loving the boarding to go to Chicago #KeepItMovin' 
how is tkt in the A grp for a cxld flight gets stuck at the back of the Cs when your site, phone and agents took 1h to rebook 
Thanks for not telling us our flight was Cancelled Flightled, not helping us in anyway and ruining my birthday. #worstcustomerservice 
Suggestions: tell customers approximate wait times when they are on hold (50 min now...) and allow them to Cancelled Flight online! 
is my favorite airline!  I can't wait to book my flight to New Orleans for my trip in April!! :) :) 
almost an hour on hold for swa is inexcusable #hiremorepeople 
I'm going to need you to answer your phones. Being on hold for an hour isn't okay. 
Cancelled Flightled my flight won't refund me and told me 2 call customer service n been holding for 30 minutes still waitin #BadService 
so why is every single flight out of @PortColumbusCMH Cancelled Flightled for only your airline? 
 at fort launder dale and the gate agent can't switch flights to an earlier flight but we can on our phone...ridiculous 
Flight 4315 (N231WN) taxis at @FlyTPA prior to flight to @Fly_Nashville http://t.co/IDRa8keNoH 
40 minutes still haven't talked to one person #shocking phone is gonna died before I talk to anyone http://t.co/iWoiGRLHXb 
Have been on hold to reschedule a flight for 1.5 hours! Please help! Phone will be out of batteries soon. 
great flight! And great view! http://t.co/auFM4xdaj2 
Are we sure flights will not be Cancelled Flighted after 1200 I am trying to make plans in STL 
been on hold so long to rebook my Cancelled Flightled flight I had enough time to rebook with @USAirways instead! Lots of room there! 
been on hold to rebook a flight to CMH for 1.5 hrs. Your rebook website is crashed. 
I've been on hold for 3 hrs. now, waiting to talk to someone with a pulse to get my Cancelled Flighted flight rescheduled. Is this SOP? 
Can I book a flight on my own and get reimbursed by you? 
Cancelled Flightling flights due to winter weather is totally understandable, but it would sure be nice if you would answer your phones. 
thanks for the Cancelled Flightation today. Only airline that's Cancelled Flighted. Lost a customer today. 
- i needed refund on my Cancelled Flightled flights this morning and had been on hold for more than an hour X 3. what to do? 
I've been on hold for 2 hours!  When will you answer?? 
my wife has now been on hold for 90 minutes....I get weather is bad, but this is insane. #customerservice #customerloyalty 
Thanks 4 the great service, staff, letting me change my flight 5 times for free! PVD to the skies for me always on SWA! 
so glad u guys do business w/ more class than UR competitors @SpiritAirlines 😏 
Plz consider customers you're losing to #AA for 🚫 the KC ↔️ OKC directs. #okcdirects #OKC #MCI #flights #okcprofessionals 
Cancelled Flightled my flight without explanation and won't pick up the phone...25 minutes and counting.   #customerservice @olive201 
Show Jacksonville some 💝too!  We want #3ticketsforJax! 
so u Cancelled Flight our flight to PHX bc of SDF weather but flights 2 the NE from SDF are still going on?! WTF? http://t.co/NGG3N0wIaR 
Been on hold for over an hour - any chance someone can help me on here? 
been on hold  for 2 1/2 hrs. Can't get 2 airport 4 flight icy country backroads! Help pls? Can a human answer? #BNA 
How can we get refund instead of credit for flight that you Cancelled Flightled? We couldn't switch to a flight tomorrow. 
- STL-BOS flight today was Cancelled Flightled. Online resched form gives an error. On hold for past 90 min. HELP! #terribleservice 
 been on hold  for 2 1/2 hrs. Can't get 2 airport 4 flight icy country backroads! Help pls? @SouthwestAir  #BNA 
crazy hold times today. Over an hour now. Help? 
my flight is Cancelled Flightled due to weather. What next ? 
on hold for over an hour twice?  Terrible. 
answered. My options are a refund or a resched for Monday (I'd miss work). So I'm paying hundreds for a @USAirways flight tmw. 
- I get that weather delays are not in your hands, but is there nothing else you can offer for the massive inconvenience? 
Had a great trip this past week to Vegas for work; and had this pic over the Southwest on Southwest! http://t.co/a3YCFlaLxV 
where are our pilots? Plane is here flight says it's still on time, but we should of been off the ground 15 minutes ago. 
too long to wait for bags when they could have been on the next flight out. The party of 4 could have waited in Albany 
been on hold now for 1 hour 20 minutes with cust service. Can you help? 
had an amazing experience with your staff at DIA last night. I was blown away by their hospitality with my wife on crutches 
I will never choose @USAirways over you again! #getmeoffthisbird 
flt 3867 crew  #OrangeCounty to #Denver is The #BEST! Weather delay but pilots just invited the kids to see the cockpit! #luv 
customer svc worse than the #WinterWeather !  Flight Cancelled Flighted, website malfunction, on hold for &gt;1:34. http://t.co/PgwUkrpMOx 
your attendants at the ATL airport are awesome! Very helpful with all the Cancelled Flightlations this morning. 
is anyone answering phones to rebook Cancelled Flightled flights? 
hello #SouthwestAir I'm  happy to be flying with you this morning DAL-MDW #4053 looking forward to a comfortable fight 
- been on hold forever. My first flight was Cancelled Flightled but my 2nd flight is still on time - HELP! 
Yes. I figured an hour was a long enough time to hold before giving up. Can somebody call me? 
Can't DM you because you don't follow me. 
I thank you for the reply but too complicated to DM, really would like to talk to a cust rep. What is going on there? 
- Hi Janet in customer service. I'm calling you back and have been sitting in que for 40 mins! Plz pick it up!!! #frustrated 
this is ridiculous. It's been 2 hours on hold to rebook Cancelled Flightled flight. 
finally through thx 
 @TheEllenShow @Imaginedragons  @kdepetro313 .what a great first night. #DestinationDragons http://t.co/N3LrFo4UaY 
On hold waiting to make special accommodations for my mom who is traveling 1 hour and 24 minutes on hold.  Unacceptable! 
would love Tix for Velour show-entered every contest and still haven't won :( 
@cspkcats let us know if we can help 
VERY frustrated. Saw seats avail. online for pref alt. flight, unable to book online, lost those seats during &gt;2 hr phone hold 
Seriously, is the reason for all the Cancelled Flightled flights and long phone wait times that you guys are tremendously understaffed? 
can't speak with customer service for 2hours, still on hold! Do you guys work?#nogood 
Had to pay a $25 fare difference on a change but can't seem to find the receipt for it. How can I get a copy for reimbursement 
DM sent.  Thank you. 
@SouthwestOliver that's a great FA right there. 
I thought you guys were the best airline...I've been on hold for an hour! 
2 hours on hold trying to reschedule Cancelled Flightled flight. Hold music stopped, but no one's answering. How can I reach a rep? 
I'm stuck in Fort Lauderdale. 
Never felt better taken care of! Indian aunties are the gold standard. Thanks Aruna! http://t.co/aypyaDUY6a 
I called @united and they solved the flight Cancelled Flightlation issue in 15minutes. May be ask them how to do it? #getmorehands 
flight 3970, bna-rdu had the most excellent crew today 
We have been waiting for almost 3 hours trying to rebook flights. PLEASE help us get through to someone. 
- you can do better than having someone on hold for over an hr http://t.co/FxNv618B1A 
are any flights leaving DC today? Flight was Cancelled Flightled, been on hold for over an hour. 
been on hold for over an hour to speak to a customer service rep. What the heck?? #Southwest #customerservice 
LOST Kay Chapman Designs art-luggage for important show. Won't help locate it. Terrible customer service. 
I've been on hold for over an hour and counting…just need a simple name change http://t.co/5Siczx1oez 
On hold over 2 hrs and got cutoff !Cancelled Flightled my flight, now can't get to booked cruise in Florida! Terrible customer service! 
Thank u Thank u Thank u for coming through for us! I sincerely didn't think it would happen. &lt;3 #SWA #THANKYOU 
greetings 
Pls help. On hold 4 long time now. Travelling 4 business and flight 2 ORF from MCI was Cancelled Flightled.  Need to get out there ASAP. 
been on hold for 20 mins to Cancelled Flight my reservation. Can you assist? 
You guys are just being disrespectful at this point... learned my lesson about this airline 
trying to rebook flight. On hold for 23 mins before disconnected and now almost 40 mins? Unbelievable. http://t.co/0BJNz4EIX5 
I DM'd you 
trying to get anyone on phone. Flt Cancelled Flighted. Please get me to Denver. 
same here. Would appreciate a follow so I can DM my info to figure out what I am supposed to do. 
it's never too Late Flight to do the right thing 
when does today's scavenger hunt start? I'm trying to help my little brother win! #DestinationDragons 
 when you take my money and do not provide a service makes for a profitable venture for your company. #IsItTheGaryKellyWay? 
k thanks :) 
Incredible view! I had a smooth flight both ways even tho there was turbulence. Your pilots ROCK! http://t.co/3nsUSfSBPv 
is the best. Case and point. https://t.co/ucVnilMb4x @ryand2285 #HappyBirthday 
FREE Cable Out of this World Technology and a mans dream come true... FREE and PORTABLE???!!! http://t.co/Qw1til96YA 
received an error online and have been on hold for over 1.5 hours. Completely unacceptable. 
any official word whether flight 3403 from BWI to Manchester is Cancelled Flightled? I've got an 8hr drive in snow if it is 😢 
I wrote to your customer support on Monday re: a Cancelled Flighted flight but haven't heard back. Any idea what's up? Thanks. 
you guys need better communication to your customers. This is rude and unprofessional. 
is really gonna hear my mouth about this bag situation. 
I love you guys, but even Comcast has a better phone help system. A simple callback system would fix most of the problem... 
I've been on hold almost an hour! I LUV y'all but #ImJustSaying 😔😔😔 http://t.co/t6fYyBHjhL 
2nd leg of trip Cancelled Flightled. Been on hold 1.5 hrs. Will we lose our $ if we don't speak to someone before first flight leaves? 
thx - i managed to figure it out by trying diff confirmation #s as i booked. just annoying it's not readily available! 
My husband a first time flyer with you has had the worst experience on board a aircraft just a few minutes ago. 
there's a current Cancelled Flightlation in Indianapolis, my girlfriend is stranded. Any ideas, or help you can provide? 
Bad enough that there is no seat assigned he's  seating at an exit seat and a male flight attendant removes him from there 
because according to the flight attendant my husband doesn't talk english, when the fact is that he understand and talks it 
can you follow and we'll proceed? 
 the agents werenot helpful told me I would have to pay 2chng even though I Tld them going2 bwi whch is part of trvl advsry 
My husband is responding to him and he insist to remove him from the seat. BTW signs are in both English and Spanish. 
now flight is book and I have to fly standby if they will allow me to check in before the flight takes off 
What do you call that??!! 
@bgr1061 luv SWA myself and my employees use you always!! 
I'm upset because we were lied to. Was told ice on runway, but EVERY other carrier was able to fly. Airport confirmed no ice! 
been on hold for an over an hour now - when can we expect some customer service? #disappointed 
DM sent. Thanks for the help! 
hire more customer service agents. And hour and a half is too long to hold 
😅 you won't let me change my reservation online so now I'm just wasting my time. http://t.co/mHA3xXaeD5 
have a prompt for consumers for prompt for customer service instead of having customers on hold for 1.5 hrs 
I am trying to change a ticket for travel on Monday that cannot be changed online. Anyway faster than waiting on hold? #anhour 
He is going to file a formal complaint, this should have never happened. Please direct us to the right department. 
follow for a DM please. Need to confirm a Cancelled Flighted reservation 
I never got my flight confirmation. I've been on hold for an hour and I can't get info online. What am I to do? 
can you follow me so I can send the DM? 
flight just Cancelled Flighted. Can you help me rebook? 
flying back to Denver tomorrow. Should I rebook? 
can you provide direct assistance? My colleague and I cannot re-book b/c the ticket was booked via a corporate account. #help 
Since when did it become ok for a passenger to save 3 rows of seats for people with a Late Flightr boarding position?how rude! 
you just Cancelled Flightled my flight home so you better get me a private jet or something. I need to get home now 
I fly back to Omaha for my grandmothers funeral, you Cancelled Flight my return flight and dont bother to notify me. Thanks a lot. 
thanks. What's your opinion on chances of getting in okay tomorrow? 
thanks so much just had to make a Cancelled Flightlation! I've sent u the info. 
Been on hold over 90 minutes. You can fly, but not answer the phone? 
How to I rebook on-line when it keeps telling me that it's a reserv number for a past date (this morning)? Holding for 2hrs. 
Can I do the same thing as changing a ticket by Cancelled Flighting my current ticket &amp; buying a replacement online? 
Any way that I can get a receipt for a Cancelled Flightled portion of a roundtrip flight? Used the flight voucher just need receipt. 
@ LAX is almost a mess. For some reason the express bag drop is slower than the full service line. http://t.co/ORY89eEGek 
flight 3899 HOU to MDW aboard a Boeing 73, boarded for an on-time 2PM departure. #WheelsUp #fb 
horrible flight! 
answered right away for a new res, but can't rebook the people that were supposed to leave today? Worst customer service. 
That's an awesome library. 
I've been on hold for the last 2 hours - no progress #pleasehelp #stranded #whenitsnowsitpours #tgcyaLate Flightr 
no thanks 
 placed on hold for total of two hours today after flight was Cancelled Flightled. Online option not available. What to do? 
fortunately didn't have to. The flight took off on time. 
Left my computer on the plane. Two weeks Late Flightr they found it and sent it to me. #greatservice.  #happy #customer 
have five people shown up yet 
y'all are fast we already have our 5 winners! Congrats!! 
very confusing to receive "your trip is around the corner!" email when I already Cancelled Flightled the flight 
could u put one here in Baltimore? http://t.co/vLCI2KV1IP 
my wife is trying to get a group of clients to their destination and just got disconnected after2 hours holding. Help. 
microsecond too Late Flight so very very sad 😂😂😂😂😂😭😭😭😭😢😢😢😢 
y'all just Cancelled Flightled the flight i rebooked after 1st was Cancelled Flightled. help? I need to be in nyc. schedule more flights tomorrow! 
been on hold for 30 min trying to rebook my flight you Cancelled Flightled. Help?! 
fl 4158 Cancelled Flightled from Dallas to Austin. No one answering 800#.  Need help. 
I actually could use a slight tweak to my return - not leaving here now til Monday -any way I can skip calling for that? 
why are the ticketing lines in Las Vegas so unorganized??  Mass craziness. Half of the ticketing stations unmanned. 
no. Told to call cust service on monday 
can u follow so I can DM a confirmation number I need confirmed to Cancelled Flight?
I will call to confirm Monday for refund 
departing MDW it's cold 26F, windy with snow on the ground for sunny and 70F las vegas  @LASairport http://t.co/2IR7ynMBdU 
  Where the heck are the bags for Chicago 408. It has been an hour 
Sure was,  with @Delta  looks like I'll make my birthday celebration after all. 
the wait for the bags is longer than the actual flight. 
Any chance there's a few seats open from DEN to DAL this afternoon? 
Sent your way, thanks for the help. 
sitting in Baltimore. Finish taxi and approved to takeoff. Oops, not enough fuel. #Fail #45minflight #been3hours 
is there any estimate on when the holding for you online will end? I'm at an hour and forty minutes now. I need to rebook!!! 
and @USAirways have Cancelled Flightled flights after 525 pm today due to winter storm. Travelers urged to contact carrier for info. 
standing in Las Vegas and our flight says on time, but reps are telling us that all flights to Denver are Cancelled Flightled. HELP 
any particular reason it's 20+ minutes and counting to speak to a human being? 
hi, can you please tell me why today's flights from Chicago to DIA were Cancelled Flightled? Thanks! 
THANK YOU. I left my iPad on a plane, filled out a lost and found form. Yall found it and shipped it back. Thank you #flySW 
@CallMeStanley7 And bring back the "Agent will call you back..." feature. Why was that ever discontinued??? 
really this is getting worse as the day goes on. Late Flight leaving then had to be diverted, and now sitting on the tarmac in VA. 
3 flights Cancelled Flightled today. Now we have been on hold for over an hour! 
I just wanna say you're incredible for sending people to see their idols. Sooooo kind and amazing💖 #DestinationDragons 
hv wounded vet stuck in Chi. He's traveling to NY 4 healing. Need fly ny Late Flightst AM by 9 2 catch intl flt. Help! 
#3252 Manchester-BWI being delayed for one idiot who isn't on the plane?! We've waited 2 hours for our window and may miss it 
2 wounded vets stuck. Hv trouble with agent help. On hold and no answer on Twitter. Pls respond 
don't you think a 4hr wait time to speak to an actual agent is ridiculous?! My flight was Cancelled Flightled this morning! #Getyourlife 
Yes, total of 4 hours on hold. With all the Cancelled Flightlations, one would think there would be more staff. Decided to cx and drive 
sev ppl im my office received an apology and 2k. FF miles for this delay, only apologize to select ppl? I got nothing.. 
Hi I just got a message that part of my flights is Cancelled Flightled. I can't rebook online and nobody answers my phone call. Help me 
is Flight 3113 OMA&gt;DEN on 2/21 actually Cancelled Flightled? Been on hold for over an hour and your website says conflicting messages 
flight 4040 atl to lga Cancelled Flightled any suggestions how to get home? 
My son's flight was Cancelled Flightled today. I was on hold 2+ hours to no avail. Can you help me rebook? 
coming up on 2hrs on, still haven't spoken to a rep 
on hold for 45 mins. Anyone hv a connection at SW or at another airline to get from CHI n Columbus to EWR in am? 
has the absolute worst customer service when trying to reach them by phone. 
My flight to KC has been Cancelled Flighted and the next available isn't till Tuesday?! What am I supposed to do for 3 nights????? 
could you add me to that list? Been on hold for an hour 15 
flight to PHL from FLL Cancelled Flighted 2/21 no flight available until 2/24 done with SW. 
I know where that is! Alas I live far, far away now. #Books 
Booked 6mos early, paid for Early check in, was ASSIGNED boarding #, here 3hrs early and you deleted me in error?! #LAS2BUF 
we were rebooked on the 5:05 out of MDW.  Some drink coupons could help! 
flight to PHL from FLL Cancelled Flighted 2/21 no flight available until 2/24 done with SW. They are a pain to deal with 
not letting me DM. # is FSZ4YO 
officially on hold for 2 hours! 
not at all. Rerouted to snowy BWI been trying to figure out how to get out of here. Now dealing with more baggage troubles. 
hey southwest! Can I see @Imaginedragons in Atlanta? My friend has never been there, loves them, and he is from Taiwan! 
IND website says contact airline for flight 899 tomorrow to ATL. On hold for over an hour. Can you give me any more info? 
can you please DM me who I can speak with regarding my receipts and who I can email a presidential level complaint 
I'm just calling to Cancelled Flight a flight. I already rebooked it on another card. Just need to Cancelled Flight the previous reservation. 
but if my bag makes it with me to Greenville tonight then all is forgiven. #HighHopes 
I made it! Heading to Denver, and your employees really are as pleasant as I just told someone your application asks.  Thanks! 
I have sent the DM, should I continue to wait on hold with a rep, or will you be servicing me here? 
you are failing! Diverted, stuck and no communication! Make a decision and let us go!!!! 😞😡 flight #4229 
the ball has been dropped. My snowboard will not be making it to my destination. #totalfail #letdown 
I always brag about ur service, but very disappointed today. Apparently I'll be sleeping on floor of Dallas airport tonight 👎 
- holding us hostage for about an hour with no updates if they are taking us to NY or not. What's going @southwestair 
did anyone come into work today? u should have all the pilots and flight attendants answer phones if no one is flying 
please please please answer the phone. . . 
change your hold music, going on hour 3 and i'm about to loose it 
why can't i reschedule my flight online? 
why are you literally the worst? 
you Cancelled Flightled my flight to EWR. Flt 3076. U also Cancelled Flightled flights to LGA. Yet @united is flying on time to both. WTH?? 
are ur flight still Cancelled Flight from nashville tn today and tomorrow to Dallas TX? I been waiting on phone to ur office for 40 min. 
i like to see if i can change flight plz help thx 
Worst customer service ever. You Cancelled Flightled my connecting flight to NY hours ago &amp; didn't tell me. Now I'm stuck in Tampa. 
- Hi. My flight confirmation # is fwwe7f. We are currently stuck in Norfolk, Va. Trying to get to LGA in NYC. Ant updates? Thx 
How can you get your TSA traveler ID added to your boarding pass? Why would it not be included as TSA precheck? Flying tomorro 
Flight 2646.  Four hours in the plane on the ground at BWI. 
yes. Hung up and called a different number. 
i hope i can be apart of the team with this job opening! 
okay I understand a delay one way. But both ways? C'mon #annoyed #flights 
 reservation (FEHQNE)  21FEB15 | DCA-RSW. Want refund not credit for Cancelled Flightled flight please. 
replacing @vitaminwater with beer! Bravo!👏👏 Cheers! 🍻🍻 @Leinenkugels @DosEquis @FatTire 
AH - did DM, no reply. On hold now over 2hrs. Just spent over $1k to get a United flight tmrw to get home. #lame 
There is no way that I am getting back on a plane with your airline. I will be calling to get a refund. As I drive 17 hrs home 
is now recruiting for Fall 15, Spring 16 Internships. 
2/23/15, 5- 6pm @JindalCMC Davidson Auditorium(1.118) #JSOM #UTDallas 
well I'm not sure what there is you can do.  The bad experience had already been had 
Great #BlackHistoryMonth commercial! Thx! #ATL #singer #musician #life #BlackLivesMatter 
I had to switch airlines and eat the difference (which was not insubstantial) and Cancelled Flight all plans for sat &amp; sun :( 
3 + hrs w/out bags being returned to us after flight 2464 Cancelled Flightled. Maybe put a couple people on it? 
 also, gave up after 1 hr 32 minutes on hold. Maybe put a few more people on it? 
Officially a customer support game of wills... 2hr30 on hold... Who's the loser here? Oh yeah, that's me. 
breaking my heart at BWI 9 hrs @business 
lost bag on flight to Vegas. Now to El Paso. Going to Dallas love. Gate attendant said see if can coordinate to get it to Love 
Conf #8Q6MFD Finally got through &amp; told the flight was completely booked.  That would have been better info than advise 2 call 
three cheers to your Denver staff. Don't know if we 
will get out but they're keeping us smiling. http://t.co/RX8z53M7yy 
please refund my ticket. What a terrible experience. #southwestfail 
Gate attendant at McCarran C16 (Vegas to Dallas) went above and beyond. After a long day of frustration it was welcome. 
had to Cancelled Flight my flight because my Cavalli calves was interfering with the onboard equipment. 
The Opal Dragon book The Dragon (ALI) has woven his murdering ways from the Philippines to Australia http://t.co/c9p2ioSphM 
Thank you ^AH. Still wish someone picked up the phone - 3hrs- dead phone. Taking your tweet as a refund confirmation. 
how you gonna Cancelled Flight my flight but run flights at the exact same time? Cmon fam 
I'm here @ChicagoMidway airport.  I've waited 3 hours for my bag. No one knows shit. Mgmt knows nothing.  #Very mad customer 
I was on hold for two hours and finally hung up. I was able to do what I needed to without customer service eventually. 
My wife needs help. She is stranded in Chicago and can't get out until Monday. They won't find her bag because volume too high 
 I finally hung up after 2 hours and was not able to get the flight I needed. #stuckintampa 😞 
hey... Why don't you add the intl number to your error when checking in. Going on 6 hrs looking for a way to checkin. #cancun 
yep after two hours and thirty minutes 
wifi on my plane but I gotta pay for it? Help your broke homegirl out✈️📱 
went to front restroom on plane, on sink sign that said no water, use hand sanitizer. First time I've ever seen that. GROSS! 
can't fly in precipitation and @Delta has planes that don't work after 5. 3rd airline had better be a charm tomorrow. 
please help us check in... i never expected you to make travel painful... just like the rest all of a sudden...#intlcheckin# 
Yes! Just a few minutes after my tweet. She was able to reschedule her flight. Thanks! 
we are trying to fly back from Orlando to BWI. The website has crashed and no one answered the phone. #HELP 
my rating for Southwest -9 on s scale of 1 to 10 
Thanks for sending my kid to the #DestinationDragons concert Vegas @Imaginedragons So awesome! http://t.co/G9b6e0a2sZ 
now our pilots timed out...#getmeoutofhere 
I'll do that. Can't DM until you follow me. Thanks! 
Have a cup coffee and relax while you check out the New Deals and Promotions at Avon, twice a month at Doug @dcoadavon 
you are the worst airline. Congrats!! 
@PoteetTJ had to fly @Delta MCO-&gt;CMH for $400 b/c we cldnt reach SWA to reroute SWA 3104 Cancelled Flightlation. Voucher wld help. 
Flight 3336 - why do multiple tracking sites have more up to date info than SWA's app and website? 
Just sent DM with confirmation number and passenger name on SWA 3104 MCO-&gt;CMH 
baggage claim has already changed 2x...most recent had 3 bags come out and then stop...claim team has no idea what's going on 
@TMadCLE Flying with you in April, first time on southwest. Can't wait!!! Flew American airlines last time. Was meh. 
9 hrs in Baltimore, still not going to get my baggage to greenville w me. This is just unbelievable. 
Am I flying on Spirit air? 
I love you Southwest. I accept all your flight attendants and their many talents always! #flySWA 
Disappointed in the FAA "regulation" you have 2 furnish proof of age 4 toddler. Thx for the unnecessary headache. #flyUnited 
2 hrs to put a tag on my bag sayin it should go to greenville instead of Raleigh?! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! 
bags fly free..just not to where you're going. 
How many trees have to die before you stop trying to sell us a credit  card? #OptOut http://t.co/CXrZhcdTVz 
quick question: let's say I book a flight (I did so) and you then drop the price. Do I get the cheaper rate? 
just sent another 4 drink coupons....I think I have over 30 coupons now. free drinks anyone? 
Thanks for making good on @PoteetTJ 's Cancelled Flightled flight. 
sending now via dm 
How do I retroactively add previous flights/miles/points to current rapid rewards balance? 
9 hours at this airport and you can't move a bag from one plane to another! #furious 
I'm flying in a couple of weeks and I need my ticket changed from my maiden name to my married name. Pls help! 
I wanted to thank the great efforts of Jamie McKinnie in BUF she is a true pro! during major delays she was owning it! #raise 
50min to get bag checked n ATX, miss my flight, spend all day @BWI, n not get my baggage at the end of it all.  #epitimeoffail 
crazy how every airline flew out to the northeast tonight except you 
20 passengers on this plane. I should've just grabbed my baggage and gave it its own seat. 
I am just wondering when are you going to open up fares for November? 
finally boarded. Looks like I'll make it to my final destination but my baggage won't # baggagefail #bagsflyfreebutnotwithme 
coming up on 10 hrs and all at the gate, not leaving and without my baggage. SWA you are my nightmare! 
still haven't left @BWI. Maybe by the time I'm suppose to fly back to Austin on Tuesday we'll have moved. 
Thx for the GRAND view today! FLT 3825 SEATAC to PHX. #GrandCanyon #Arizona #Wow #Love #Photography http://t.co/D7pQOUAtdF 
you have no baggage tracking system? 
why was flight 4199 out of Boston tmrw @ 1230 Cancelled Flightled? 
male flight attendant on flight 3913 from Orlando to Indy was AMAZING! He needs a raise 👍 Had the best experience with him 
Kudos for adding #Passbook to your app! I LOVE IT! 
Cancelled Flightled all flights Fort Lauderdale to Philly. USAir flights got to Philly with no problem. WTF is wrong with SW @USAirways 
 no such thing as a free flight. Gonna be spending $100 on board rental bc #swa couldn't get my baggage to greenville w me. 
You rerouted my bf's flight and he's diabetic with little insulin; even though we tried to change it, the agent wouldn't do it 
i sure hope you are able to get my bag to Memphis for tomorrow.would be nice to have some clean clothes for work. 
a week after Valentines day..not feeling the #LUV. Going on 11 hrs @BWI and don't my bags aren't even coming w me. 
your phone lines suck. I have a dilemma. 
my flight was Cancelled Flighted for tomorrow and hold times are long can I Cancelled Flight a leg with you? 
you have the worst service, you Cancelled Flightled all your flights FLL to PHL all @USAirways flights flew. Stuck in FL 3 days. #done 
I'm ready for #MayweatherPacquiao in Vegas May 2nd! http://t.co/8dQZlrJo9p 
why am I still in Baltimore?! @delta is doing laps around us and laughing about it. # ridiculous 
On hold for 45 minutes trying to rebook a Cancelled Flightled flight with a companion ticket. Help? 
On hold with airline 45 min and counting. Service is terrible! 
Flight was Cancelled Flighted, I've been on hold for 50 minutes with no human interaction. I wanna get away. 
flight to BOS Cancelled Flightled, no flights till TUESDAY, spent $1000 to get a flight through another airline + $170 for hotel. Refund 
Thanks for helping out! Class act, all the way... see you in the air! 
been on hold over an hr to rebook a Cancelled Flighted flight. Do you have anyone working??? 
 Flight today from PHL to DAL Cancelled Flightled. 96 min on hold, rebooked for tomorrow. Now that flight is Cancelled Flightled.  On hold again. 
flight Cancelled Flightled, stuck for 3 days. Paid for "A" boarding. Refused to honor it with rescheduled flight 
can you speed up your flight from AZ to Omaha? I need to see muh boy ✈️ 
been on hold for an hour. I need to rebook my flight that was Cancelled Flighted! #help 
How to find out if my parents luggage really went to FLL on a Cancelled Flighted SW flight?  Called 1800IFlySWA, long long waits... 
The pilots&amp; crew on flt 3999 and customer service professionals at baggage claim are OUTSTANDING!! Thank you!! 
DeLacy P is a compassionate professional! Despite the flight challenges she made passengers feel like priorities!!🌟🌟 
been waiting for 70 minutes on hold because yall Cancelled Flightled my return flight. Answer the phone!!! 
on hold now for 1 Hour 25 mins Whats the holdup 
never lets me down!!! 
are you hiring for flight attendants right now 
- wow! 100 minutes on hold, so far. Now phone is dying... 
u texted that my flight from Denver to SD tmrw is Cancelled Flightled? Been on hold for an hour trying to get help. Any other flights? 
thanks for getting me home from Denver tonight despite the snow! 
weather delays aren't your fault today but getting to hotel with two soaked suitcases and no dry clothes stinks frustrated 
Was on hold for 2 hours before you disconnected me after my flight was Cancelled Flightled. Swell company, you. 
Your hold music needs 2 be fixed:certain tracks have loud phone button mashing tones in them.Estimated wait time would help 2. 
everything OK? This is my 3rd call for the day and this time I've been on hold for 1.5 hrs. I'll hang up and try again. 
I was on hold for over 2 hours and my call got disconnected. Thanks a lot. 
Flight Cancelled Flighted, two hours on hold. Then it just hangs up! A little help here? -thx 
been holding for 1 hour and 10 minutes. To rebook Cancelled Flightlation.You guys need more help! 
Southwest Airline is THE way to go! 
#fail  southwest changes my flight to a different time and city and blames it on me. They won't correct it. #furious 
I've been on hold for 2 hours to reschedule my Cancelled Flightled flight for the morning. What gives? I need help NOW 
yall have me sleeping in the airport until 4pm tomorrow! thanks 
Thank you for your help Adam and to the awesome gate agents at B12 in LAS for getting us home! 
that's gotta be a new record: 4 hrs in the air, 11 hrs waiting and 0 bags delivered to destination. 
what happend? Why did flight #668 get Cancelled Flighted for 2/22..I was on hold for over an hour and no help 
better travel photos:
My Kindle e-book Easy Tips guide http://t.co/7dM2J8H97M:
http://t.co/xeDeckGMW5 http://t.co/frGhglMkqF 
now on hold for 2.5 hours waiting to speak to someone about my Cancelled Flightled flight from Philly to ORL 
we are having a real issue trying to get thru to you.  On hold for 2 hours &amp; got disconnected!  Please help! 
flying flight 3130 tomorrow at 7:20 from PBI- I have boarding position C-42. Is flight overbooked? Have funeral to attend! 
been on hold for 1.5 hrs. What's up? 
flight Cancelled Flightled out of BWI to PBI. Can't get out until Monday. What are the chances the seats open up for a flight on 2/22? 
Cancelled Flightled flights and asshole phone support. #worstairline 
want to explain why I was on hold for 2+ hrs tonight trying to reach customer service only to learn they're only there Mon-Fr? 
Thx to customer service rep ALEX for his patient help in reFlight Booking Problems a Cancelled Flighted flight and getting us where we have to be tmrw! 
"...you in the 10 hrs we were hanging out there? Oh, no I understand things get crazy n sometimes 10 hours isn't long enough." 
"Will my luggage be on that flight?" "No" "Y not" "bc ur on that flight n it won't end up where ur goin http://t.co/6Zj6L2ZTua 
I use to #LUV swa but after an hour and counting on hold, for a flight they Cancelled Flighted on me? #noluv 
what does a woman got to do to get a chance of a lifetime? 😖 #DestinationDragons #imaginedragons #slaycancerwithdragons 
 Cancelled Flighted Sunday 9:50AM flight to Dallas..next flight out is Tuesday afternoon. Stranded. #BS #GetMeOuttaHere #SouthwestSucks 
want to pick up a customer from @SpiritAirlines sign me up 🙌😏 
Offers Atlanta Unprecedented Perk http://t.co/nustgpElSf http://t.co/Be0B4K1Xbt 
#flight #Cancelled Flightled...tried to get refund but on hold. Can I get it after my flight would have departed? 
I'm running out of money to keep paying for hotel rooms &amp; food in NYC. You don't help people with $ spent 
great example of customer service this morning at MSY headed to ATL. Alison and Bobbi were fantastic! Gate B8. Thank you. 
do you ever reinstate Cancelled Flighted flights? 
stuck in NYC flights Cancelled Flightled 2 days in a row Long wait times on phones. Running out of $ but SWA no help 
Can you give me info on Flt 681 out of BDL? I see it's Cancelled Flightled. 
I was under the impression when there is an 8 hour delay in your flight because of equipment failure, compensation is offered? 
Great flight yesterday from MSY to AUS!! Thank you for such great safety,service and beautiful skies!! http://t.co/X1EqYAHfvZ 
I've DM'd you. Thanks! 
my sister&amp;brother in law need to get to Florida desperately flying w/ @USAirways is there anything you can do? 
FINALLY!  A Passbook option for the SWA App. Thank you!!!!! 
2 hours on hold for customer service never us SW again 
you cx'ed almost the entire east coast flights All other planes are taking off any traveling fine I need to get to Nev ASAP 
you have open seats on flight 4001 pvd to MCO @ 1215pm today? 
i forgot to put my tsa pre number in before I checked in. It is now in my profile but will it be on my boarding pass in the am 
CEO using #Vegas band to help ‘connect’ to people. http://t.co/89gKYuf1Qh  #aviation #business #marketing #consumermarketing 
no HUMAN contact for 2 mths from @AmericanAir cust relations or refund dept. If ever a problem do u have humans I can talk to? 
I start a new job tomorrow &amp; you Cancelled Flight my flight (1629 BWI-LAX) and you really can't get me on another flight today ?! 
#CustomerServiceFail - - almost missed flight - long slow BWI ticket line: "Rather make a complaint or your flight?" 
looks like you are up and running for the day. Still can't get through on the phone. Can you follow so I can dm you my info 
can you help 
can you follow for quick DM? 
while you clearly didn't care about our troubles yday thought I'd share bags took &gt;90min and came back absolutely drenched.. 
you have let me down! #oversold #earlybirdmeansnothing 
plane switch on 636 meant A= back of plane #disappointed 
grouchy about this flight 636 #complimentarybeveragesneeded 
some woman gets on plane and holds 2 seats in the bulkhead for her friends with C boarding passes. I paid $ earlybird thx 
What is the best credit card to use/open to get miles with y'all? 
Make the world a better place: Visit an elderly relative. 
no after 75 mins of hold, I finally hung up! Ridiculous wait times. Can you assist in Cancelled Flighting reservation? 
@AmericanAir y'all are better then @united 
#tfw1 @JimCramer @AARP TY-Spent total of 3 hrs and 20 mins holding. Cell battery died. Finally made arrangements w kind Rep 
I was never able to talk so someone so had to buy another new ticket. Will be calling shortly for refund. 
flying flight 3130 tonight at 7:20 from PBI- I have boarding position C-42. Is flight overbooked? Have funeral to attend! 
when are you starting routes to #Hawaii and #Canada? 
Although the wait was long due to weather r/scheduling, a phone call and super rep solved the issue! Thank you!! 
@AARP @JimCramer 75yo mom says, "Hire more staff to accommodate your audience" You could learn lots from her. She's off to FL 
need to Cancelled Flight a few more can you please check DM 
@AARP #tfw1 Appreciate the tweet back - It was unexpected. 
I will say that your customer service has consistently been the very best!!! 
fyi the link in your baggage incident email redirects to a 404 on mobile. The link auto changes on mobile. Desktop works fine. 
Thanks for the terrible service! Stranded in MDW for 2 days, &amp; now can't find confirmation for rebooked flight from MKE. 
no I wasn't. After over an hour was too frustrated and had to hang up. 
flying flight 3130 tonight at 7:20 from PBI- I have boarding position C-42. Is it overbooked? Really don't want to be bumped! 
will the Daytona 500 be available on free TV? 
last week I flew from DAL to LAX. You got us in almost an hour early. Thank You. 
Also, will Southwest have any other specials like the one they are running now? 


Just realized I had the wrong departure date. Thanks for making changes easy! 
I have never had such awful customer service and conflicting service. Outrageous. 
was in a line a mile long at sky harbor this morning. Your staff was courteous and expeditious.  Thank you. 
#onechildfourbags 
if I am a rapid awards member, does my points apply after I have taken my round trip? 
Arkansas Gov. plans to sign Governor SB-202 that legalizes discrimination of LGBT.Can you lend your voice to a state boycott? 
I tried for 5hrs to contact SW! Twitter, fb, phone, email w/ no reply. 24hrs Late Flightr u respond, what could you do at this point? 
yeah it happens. The PHX airport has extra long waits all spring long. Something locals know but tourist don't just FYI 
we didn't nothing was ruined just wet. Just frustrating when after traveling for 12 hours you can't change into clean clothes 
For the past 2 yrs I earned A-list status thru a promo-fly 3 rnd trips in 2-3 months. How can I get that option again? #loyal 
Maybe if you comped those that quietly accepted delays or Cancelled Flightations instead of the irate you'd have less issues #justsaying 
check the head of the plane, there has been dynamite placed onto it 
What's happened to your customer service? 2 Cancelled Flightled flights in 2 days &amp; an uninformed and unapologetic staff. #nolove #cali 
Totally ruined my birthday weekend by Cancelled Flighting my flights for no reason and offer no points, drink, transport. #nolove #cali 
- our baggage motto: we don't cover that. Small tear, ripped seam, snow soaked, busted zippers - SORRY http://t.co/LHwFBKFynI 
- neveryamind I paid $450 for a flight. 250 for a new bag is easy for business class customers, right? http://t.co/vn3JJIa53O 
As a frequent traveler, I've never been treated so coldly &amp; had an airline offer nothing when my flight was Cancelled Flightled. #nolove 
BTW, not a weather delay. We've had beautiful weather in Sunny California. #nolove #noexcuses #cali http://t.co/kumtbgER03 
you guys are so amazing for sending people to meet Imagine Dragons #DestinationDragons 😋 
No like I said I could not reach anyone at your company so I had to rent a car and chalk the whole thing up to a loss 
safety back in Dallas! 
   Promotion e-mail today (Vegas and Jamaica) has a defective link for the Vegas sweepstakes...it times out with error. 
waiting over a half hour for my checked baggage to be delivered! No updates from any ground crew 
my flight continues through to Vegas after my stop. Don't be upset if a stowaway. 
Flight 52 got Cancelled Flightled 6 hrs before takeoff. No Customer Service. Been on hold for 30 minutes. 
-- any updates on flights getting Cancelled Flighted into DAL? I have a connecting flight there and hope it doesn't delay due to weather 
here's a first..both pilot and first officer in galley during flight... 
Way to go flying out of Denver today! Must be the only airline not Cancelled Flighting/delaying flights! #FlySWA #denverairport 
think you have great people working for you. 
could I get a phone call from a customer service rep to get the issue resolved? 
thx for the note. Flight was Cancelled Flightled and today is all booked so had to go with another carrier. :( 
how can I check to see if my flight to NYC is expected to be delayed or Cancelled Flightled for this Tuesday? 
FIND A WAY TO Cancelled Flight FLIGHT 310!!!!!!! 
stewardess really funny! Now I could get the gent next to me to use some headphones, this would be the perfect flight! 
Boooo!!!!!!   Don't be like the other airlines!!  http://t.co/WHAGPknnLF 
good to be back. See you all again in several weeks. 
you guys rule. I will DM you. &lt;3 Thank you. 
&lt;3 RT @SouthwestAir! @danihampton Sorry to hear about the WiFi connection, Dani. Please DM us your conf # so we can help you. Thanks! 
thanks for the response - flight time has passed - rebooked now 
wife's flight to DAL just got Cancelled Flightled. What does she do to find options to get back home?  1708 PHX-&gt;DAL 
it was not - still don't know where skis are and cannot get a call back from bag svc at airport (left several msgs) 
Just watched crew on flight 380 help elderly lady off plane...#firstclass 
is hosting an @TheAcademy party in the terminal in Atlanta. #peanutsonaplatter 
 I heard a rumor flight 898 was Cancelled Flightled.  Is this true? 
is having a party in the atl terminal. #letitgo http://t.co/qxTeqZm3yz 
BTW I was completely unable to buy wifi for my flight using Galaxy S4. Couldn't zoom out or scroll to touch "Buy" 
@TheAcademy party in #hotlanta http://t.co/x5ZQssJtRB 
- just got it back about 20 mins ago. Went about 18 hrs w/o it but I appreciate the support. $50 voucher + $50 for essentials. 
 Wish you allowed http://t.co/0pDNtGBXC6 to access you site for awards tracking. 
now I'm so lucky for my forced good deed I get to be smashed between 2 huge ppl in the exit row. Thank God I'm tiny. 😂💁 
our flight is delayed till tomorrow curse the weather 
My Fav!!!! 
I was trying to find airfare for my family.  Your prices are ridiculous!  Almost $1000 more than @USAirways. #notmadeofmoney 
- thanks for Cancelled Flighting our flight to BOS. We're stranded in DEN til Wed night. The 7 of us will never fly #southwest again 
 Mad love http://t.co/4ojrSDWPkK NYC- 
ridiculous how you want to charge me $209 to change flights even with multiple seats available on the flight I needed 
my golf bag was broken on the flight I just took. What's the process for damage reimbursement? 
ohk. Thank You!!! B/C of the inexpensive airfares that Southwest has I can now travel around. 
check out our 1st grader's school science fair project. She loves flying on Southwest Airlines. http://t.co/BaYePZkMiz 
currently rebooked thru Dallas but I hear they are expecting an ice storm (sigh) #strandedNYC 
done 
you are a bunch of liars! Cancelled Flightled our flight and rebooked us four days Late Flightr! 
when are the two free flights promo coming back?! Looking into the premiere card but might hold off or go with another option! 
worst air line ever, you have no compassion of the handicapped 
your "complimentary" hotel vouchers are BS! $79 a night for the crappiest hotel ever! I wouldn't wish this on my worst enemy! 
I will be calling someone on Monday in customer relations. Very disappointed in how I was treated by customer service! 
extremely frustrating travel experience in Denver! Instead of landing in SEA on Saturday, now it's Monday afternoon! 
most other carriers were flying out way past SW Cancelled Flightlation. @AlaskaAir and @JetBlue got their passengers out much Late Flightr!!!!! 
baggage delivery at BWI very delayed and unnecessarily chaotic. Disappointing after a long trip! From a frequent traveler 
props to your LAS employees working C11 gate. Because of them I am not opposed to flying through or to LAS in the future! 👏👏👏 
your hold music sounds like it's from Super Mario Bros for gameboy color 
if you have a rules you should probably apply them all the times not just sometimes. #shouldhaveflownjetblue 
just sent it 
promised 4 rooms until Wednesday, (wentook3) and the hotel charged us $79 per room because we had a pink paper needed white? 
Sort of, but I'm arriving a day Late Flight and have to incur overnight costs in a connecting city. Not cool at all... 
I tweeted several times last week about flight info during storm, always a timely tweet back.  Thx! 😄 
we've been at the gate a long time. We're gonna miss our connection at MDW. Ack! http://t.co/qRXvZFrD1Z 
thank you! 
your wifi is angering me with its slowness 
Had a very unpleasant experience over the phone with one of your agents re: a Cancelled Flightled flight. I have the name &amp; agent ID. 
How's Dallas incoming looking? I'm scheduled to fly in at 10:30 and wondering if I'll be stuck in St. Louis instead. 
Traveling with a 13 year old Thursday. He does not need an ID, correct? 
Thanks. 436. Only a minor delay so not a big deal. :)Appreciate the concern though. Boarding now. You do have amazing service! 
you guys should stop doing service in Denver it's horrible I get stuck here every time! I've been here almost 24hrs 
been sleeping on the floor like I'm homeless and now delayed flights because the equipment isn't working! I have a job to get2 
Two delayed flights in a row. Neither one of them explained 
My GF lost the promise ring I gave her on flight 2707 2/21/2015 SFO&gt;SNA. It's an infinity silver band ring. Please help! 
Leave BUR ten minutes Late Flight and arrive in SJC a minute before we were supposed to... Impressed! #gettingbetter 👍 
has a beautiful fleet. What a perfect evening to fly! http://t.co/XMZ3Tf9Ix8 
now I can't board thanks. You guys moved me to standby. I've been holding this boarding pass since 7pm yesterday 
still planing on flights into Dal? We are trying to fly in tomorrow from lax 
Thanks. 
Weather keeps slowing us down. Not your fault. This is the 1st time a Southwest flight of mine was Late Flight so I can't complain :) 
thanks connection thru Nashville have A1 boarding pass get to Dallas gate boarding 40 min before flt get end of B group 
Flying South by Southwest from SJC to SNA tiday http://t.co/KJKuVJ6CMo 
 we understand air delays which are out of your control, terrible telephone support, apps and online access that do not work?? 
got it.  Next time I will know about paying extra to make the A Line. 
I'm a huge fan and give y'all too much business...so please fix the damn wifi! 
I'm gonna ignore the fasten seatbelt sign and I want to see if ur man enough to do anything about it!!! 
I gave you one more try. Figured you could get a 1 hr flight right. Nope. Delayed an hr. Seems to be every time. 
I requested my boarding pass to be texted to me but I still haven't received it. 
should get their shit together before they owe my $2,000 for my bag. 
Seriously? FOUR DELAYS? Only takes 42 minutes to get to Vegas from @flyLAXairport &amp; I have a connecting flight. #ridiculous 
couldn't be bothered to help with my lost my luggage. Not a single helpful employee owner to be found in BWI. 
-U dont have Atlanta to San fransisco in 99$ in the present sale, like u had in the last sale?Im looking for 2 return tickets 
I have followed you. Awaiting your DM. 
sitting in Newark because flight 4179 was Cancelled Flightled for no apparent reason.  All I was told was sorry after 2.5 hrs waiting 
Can I get any help with Cancelled Flighting my flight reservation? 
wifi is the worst $8 investment I have ever made. 
just got mine..now where to go?? 
sign me up! 
https://t.co/OQUKSo3s2O subscribe please https://t.co/OQUKSo3s2O 
Yes, please. 
...and how does one obtain this companion pass? 
I continue to be amazed by the amazing customer service.  Thank you SWA! 
where is mines? 
I love my Companion Pass (qualified 4th year).  #HollyMais 
got mine!  Just in time for the wife and my 15th anniversary! 
How about auto check in for CP holders? Come on. 
That would be brighter than all the stars combined on the red carpet tonight! 
Tell me the secrets to flying high #RedCarpet 
how do I get my companion pass? 
I would love a +1 #RedCarpet  treatment 
sign me up! 
Companion Pass. Because everyone deserves #RedCarpet treatment and a +1 (even if it's your mom). http://t.co/QjKL4aBprG” 
everyones flights who were Cancelled Flightled today DESERVE 1 
I want one! 
I would love a great deal from bwi to las Memorial Day weekend aka my bday weekend 😬 
#RedCarpet Southwest Companion Pass would be great! 
I (heart) my CP status. Sure would be nice to have though. 
I miss mine terribly. A +1 for my 30th anniversary would be amazing. It would mean LUV is in the air. #dontmakemebeg 
yes please! 
is service to Aruba being permanently discontinued in August? 
You've inspired me to start my own airline to combat your weak ass airline. sick of this shit 
flights still going to DAL? 
gimme 
on flight 3130 and I paid $8 for wifi that can't load a website functionally except for your own live streaming. Unacceptable. 
YES please....How do we get that companion pass? 
Well, we all need something to aim for. 
  50th Anniversary on April 10th. Still. Sweethearts.  Companions.  Lifetime.  Sons.  Families. Love. 
lol I already am ! I am a card member as well too lol i enjoy flying with you Guys 
staff was overall awful through multiple airports would have switched airlines if another flight was available 
everyone deserves red carpet tx until they destroy your luggage &amp;only give you $75 voucher, like I want to fly w/them again! 
constantly providing wonderful views and service! #SouthwestLuv http://t.co/9UNxqOTzIK 
companion pass please! 
yes please.my son lives in NJ. 
WIFI is so slow it totally precludes working on the web. Will NOT book SWA for business travel. Wish I hadn't lit $24 on fire 
Why can we no longer change trips with a companion online? Been doing it for years, now get message can't be done online? 
Have had a companion pass for a few years and my wife and I use it all the time.  Thanks #southwest for making travel easy! 
really shouldn't offer sweeps if your link isn't going to work! B http://t.co/nOfG0TQHYN 
flying by myself is getting old 
I changed my flight through St. Louis. Thanks for the reply though! 
yes please 
want go from New Orleans houston see my dad at md anderson can you help me out 
expect no help from -&gt;@SouthwestAir &lt;-.  Our flt was canx at the last minute for "weather."  We flew home on weatherless @united. 
Thank you SWA and Shannon G. @LASairport (C22) for being a miracle worker! #awesome 
beautiful view flying into San Jose, CA this evening http://t.co/SxVaGbRTlI 
retiring with my hubby and it's our 25th wedding anniversary this year! Companion pass please!! 
 how do you get one? 
I have a child traveling cross country...she's 11 will be turning 12 in march...and (cont) http://t.co/Enh1keUUTd 
no you are not, you just care about mighty dollar. 
Flight 3267 (N659SW) arrives at @FlyTPA following flight from @MitchellAirport http://t.co/LJ2YdKoR8q 
please start flying to Huntsville so I never have to fly American Airlines again 
it's ok! Southwest is still the best airline around! Just hate when baggage room runs out.. My now checked bag has headphones! 
very disappointed in your handling of tonight's Cancelled Flighted Dallas flight.  Not that it was Cancelled Flighted but no contingencies. 
first you had a good idea thatthis would happen and did not Cancelled Flight it earlier, then very amateurish that there was no plan. 
no delay. I pay $777.70 for BS A1 ticket. You boarded flight early. I'm last to board. Now have middle seat. Wasted $$$$! 
but to make us tru to find space in other flights.  This customer service is as bad as @SpiritAirlines. 
we're pulling off the runway now! Making new friends with seat mates. Thanks for the response CB. 
why does the customer service have rather inconsistent information 
how long does it take for my Rapid Rewards points to be credited to my account? 
after an hour and a half then it came back damaged. Not happy 😣 
Don't apologize. Do something about it. Words mean nothing. Actions work. EOM. 
Tough I can take. Zero meaningful assistance while stranded for 2 days is another matter. Looking for signs you care abt cust. 
I'm flying out of CUN tomorrow To DEN - can I change my flight due to the travel advisory?? 
For example, can't pay 4 hotel &amp; food? Or transport to alternate city we are flying from? Or give clear record of alt flight? 
@MegElizabeth631 how you like the #redcarpet treatment 
especially if it's your mom! #IChangedYourDiaper 
how do I get a companion pass 
i got the call from RDU that my baggage is there except that doesn't help me bc i can't get it until I'm flying back home. 
been dealing with multiple offices for the last 3 days. Youve completely lost me as a customer unless my bag is back to me. 
thank you!! 
I understand. But it's consistent, and been consistent for years. It's known around the country. 
Free TV watching Daytona 500! #Boss http://t.co/SbGBN7oUXy 
A-list preferred. DEN-DAL flight Cancelled Flightled 30 min prior to boarding. Best option was Tue afternoon. Seriously?!? Epic fail. 
I need to Cancelled Flight one leg of a flight, but can't seem to do this online. Been on hold on the phone for 10 minutes. Any help? 
it's ok I was supposed to be in California 5hrs ago 
Winter Weather for Denver extended for tomorrow by chance? Even to Late Flightr in the day would be super helpful. 
luv my companion pass! 
@fly2midway 45 minute wait for my bags. Just what I needed on a Sunday night. 
yes, please #companionpass 
All good... beers and #oscars2015 ar #DIA 
thank you : 8UXZJ2
Paid for early bird and sat in back 
kudos to the crew of flight 1050 to GRR for making a very special memory for a sweet young passenger, and her Momma. Well done 
may I have my Companion pass please. 
I know that not everybody on flight can be 1st time flying. But in case it is people in front deplane 1st not from the back?!? 
me again! I was just trying to rebook fare on wanna get away pricing and it disappeared in time I refreshed. Is this normal? 
Thanks for helping my mom after @allegiantair wouldn't let her get on her plane in Orlando! You're the best! #customerservice 
yeah, 7am flight tomorrow, going to add 60-90 min extra because of the roads / snow 
waited 34 mins for baggage MDW&gt;MEM and the in-flight service was suspended so no drink 😕 
glad you appreciate it, it’ll be the last dollar you ever get from me thanks to your wretched customer service 
thanks! Very excited to see it :D 
would really like my baggage from yesterday. Employees at Akron giving me a tough time. 
  A whole family, with a special Olympic athlete here, and you can't even call them? 617-653-3040 
is not being responding to the @SpecialOlympics athletes.  #notcool #Southwest 
crew of WN3946 SAN-SFO was brilliant! Rita was hilarious. I know I've been down on you before, but this was a great flight 
It was never really "lost" it was put on another flight WITH my knowledge we just weren't sure what flight but I have it - TY! 
what robot is running this account. The same one that doesn't remember anything they ask. Same conversation over and over. 
apologies are whatever. Please just deliver the bags like you said you would. Feel like employees are lying to me. 
TY for your consideration! 
now I don't get the common courtesy of my phone call answered. Either policy is bad or people should be fired. #dissaponted 
Thx for the follow up. Just sent DM 
luggage delivery between 1-4am? Really? After I was told by midnight multiple times? Why lie? Crazy and bad business. 
nbd I was able to figure out a workaround. Just wanted to help. Got my bags less than 24 hours Late Flightr. Muchas grassy ass. 
is this a joke? My return flight is delayed too! 3 in a row! New record from you guys 💔😪 
broke the stroller my wife and baby gate checked. They told her it's not their problem. Calling the A List Preferred line now. 
@jparkermastin  customer service has been very passive in their response. Disappointed. I have only flown SW but am rethinking 
you're right, I do. I've been traveling all day and you guys dropped the ball. Making for a long night. 
Just reading your boarding policy, we're a group of 8 travellers with kids ranging from 3-10, is it possible to sit together? 
flight Cancelled Flightled. new flight 7 hours Late Flightr. will sleep in airport tonight. and cant even give me an A Boarding Group seat. thx 
 kudos to your rep "Patricia" at gate B11 this Sunday morning at #Chicago #Midway #MDW,… http://t.co/MmCWkqp2gy 
you're my early frontrunner for best airline! #oscars2016 
You completely let me down tonight. Your gate agents' ambivalence is just too much. How sad for you (&amp; me.) 
I am in, let's do this! 
needs to train their employees to be at lease somewhat empathetic when THEY lose our luggage.  Monika at MWA needs a PR lesson 
loved it! 
Cancelled Flightled my flight, rescheduled to EWK gave me a pseudo-voucher that directed me to the worst @daysinn in existence. #fail 
show me some love and a companion flight~please and thank you! 
yes I was everything worked out great 
you know what'd be beyond awesome? A pair of tickets to the @Imaginedragons show in ATL. A girl can dream #DestinationDragons 
#DestinationDragons @Imaginedragons Scavenger Hunt Vegas, BE READY!!! http://t.co/vHgkiTzSaw 
had to be stuck in the middle seat :( http://t.co/dzeGAPfqw1 
you got me home over an hour and a half Late Flight but at least my baggage was delivered soaking wet 
  Are flights going into Dallas this morning?   Thanks 
thank you for Cancelled Flighting my flight, last minute of course, to #GIS2015. I'm now missing one full day of my trip thanks to this! 
Flight 3744 (N284WN) departs @FlyTPA enroute to @PHXSkyHarbor http://t.co/Bd5tvr3Gcy 
- really?  All other carriers are staffed and you've got a triple looped one and no employees in sight in OKC 
got an email confirmation of wifi purchase on a recent flight. Trouble is, I've never flown with you. Ever. #concerned #scam? 
thank you for the confirmation. Maybe people on my flight have directional dislexia. 
have sent you a DM with the details. Thanks! 
my bag was lost, and according to the rep they don't even know where it is, Please help. 
  Thanks 
Gate agent gave me wrong departure info and caused me to miss my flight and now I am on stand by! #NotHappy 
Me on one of your planes!!! Thanks for taking me Arizona 184! http://t.co/Finq5Fh6ue 
arrangements to reimburse me for the rental I had to get? 
All flights are booked . They are saying I have to wait until tomorrow. 
RT @kkwhb: Paid for early bird boarding and got B46.  I said to lady, "well, that system is about dead." She didn't understand 
almost at the gate for 1156 to SF. Please wait 60 more seconds. 
Pls Help Baby Hannah get the life saving surgeries she requires.She needs your help.Pls Donate/RT http://t.co/v4ZVUGMkJw 
kids on a mission trip from Lasalle stranded in orlando area,  they can't get back to Bos or PVD till WEDNESDAY? 
#1687 MDW-SAN. Like most flights, if I'm watching free TV it works but won't hardly access any websites - including your own. 
how about fixing the wifi!  3rd flight where it's not working. 800 series plane so not like it's an old plane. 
 Just sent DM. Thanks for your attentiveness to this matter. 

How do I get a companion pass??? Thanks,  Lin S 
loses baggage a day ago and still has no idea or interest in finding it? ALL items for new job in that bag! Unacceptable. 
@nelsjeff, 3.5 hrs. Late Flightr (no human interaction), ended up $'ing a completely new flight - so last flight out didn't sell out. 
customer service is rude and bothered by our calls. Has no idea what is going on and sighed heavily on the phone. Unbelievable 
does anyone realize that banning peanuts on a flight due to an allergic person ignores p-nut oil &amp; dust from previous flights? 
Are there discounts every tuesday cause Im leaving fron Birmingham Airport to San fran Next week in march sometime 
what to do when you show up to your destination with no clothes in your suitcase? #nakedmeetings #awkward 
pleaseeee resume direct flights from FLL to PHL. I don't want to fly with anyone else 😩😫😢 
is there a link to a site that displays any delays or Cancelled Flightations of flights to and from @DallasLoveField? 
Please get back with my about my airtran credit Q4VNMB, I call and I'm being told that I will, but I never get email/call back 
you're really going to let @delta and @virginamerica get the best of you? http://t.co/vUdWJm1lYB 
bag in possession but no clothes in bag?? 
may want to direct that to the people at @FurryFiesta tok 
didn't realize no clothes until at hotel - suggestions? 
thanks for linking to #Passbook. Might be old news but this is my first 2015 flight. 
flight 1028 no delayed 1.5 hours.  Another week another delayed flight 
unveils 4 new routes, including  2 from #Ohio http://t.co/4uRzvBPJKO via @usatoday 
Can you equip a 737 with flamethrowers and a snow plow? 
What's up with the wait times on your customer service line? Tried 2X on Fri. and now I've been on for over 15 min. 
I'm going to start charging you for the consistent body pat downs. Starting to feel like a piece of meat. #punishedforflying 
on hold for 15+ min...no estimated answer time. Any help here? 
Thanks! Confirmation number just DMed. Appreciate any help! 
I've had TERRIBLE service in three airports in 10 hours. Glad they don't care we kind of need to be home. #SellMyPointsSoon 
@ClinicPolly 
Thank you-- I may have already responded but was 8UXZJ2 
Password reset email is incredibly slow to arrive today. Checked spam folder, too. Web site says a few minutes, but 15? :| 
to start 2xdaily #B737-700 flights from #Columbus OH to #Boston @BostonLogan on 8AUG #avgeek 
to start daily #B737-700 flights from #Columbus OH to #Oakland on 8AUG #avgeek 
to start 2xdaily #B737-700 flights from #OrangeCounty to #Portland OR on 8AUG #avgeek 
to end its daily #B737-700 flights from #Washington Reagan to #FtMyers on 8AUG #avgeek 
to start daily #B737-700 flights from #Washington Reagan to #FtLauderdale on 8AUG #avgeek 
unveils 4 new #flights, including 2 from #Ohio http://t.co/grkBj7bxlk 
We invite to Fallow @HelacoHLC learn about our activities.Prevention Programs of Health by Condom-Rito Family.We R 501(C)(3) 
: Hello..are flights taking off from @DallasLoveField airport this noon. Am supposed to travel on flight 376 to San antonio 
@coachGS what's even better is the price changed in the 2 minutes since I talked to the lady and they still honored the cheap1 
@matthewebel And this is why I love flying Southwest. Excellent service, and you don't take yourselves too seriously! 
@LukeWyckoff: her name is Jane and she wanted was a call. 617-653-3040 
we checked in right at 24hr mark. Boarding C group with kids ages 6&amp;8 dnt want to be split. What sld we do? 
: thanks.are flights operating now or Cancelled Flightled? 
I hope this isn't a real life scene out of the movie 'Flight' ..... 
open seating is like an open marriage, there's so much love for strangers! 
thank you for great customer service. Trying to make it to San Antonio and your staff and alerts have been helpful. Boo ice! 
I did. Still haven't heard a thing. 
Just got companion pass and trying to add companion flgt but get purchase.error.INVALID_LOYALTY_MEMBER_ACCOUNT_STATUS. Help! 
I would still have my companion pass if your ridiculous airline hadn't stopped partnering with Hilton Hotels - GENIUS!!! 
yes we did file a report and were treated rather rudely at midway baggage claim. Now we wait 2 days to get our luggage. 
Glad to know I'll be flying the luv airline tomorrow ;) 
Wasn't able to sit in my seat since the guy next to me was using it. #worstflightever #ideserveareward http://t.co/l7hSnLgie2 
I did, but no one can find the bag and we need everything in it in the next two hours. 
my friends from Boston stuck in Denver. Her name Jane. @RnCahill  Please contact her. 
Can my wife's RR points be transferred to my RR account? 
res chg online/app no work, still on hold, faster for hubby to DRIVE to airport to make change @ counter #fail 
I never got an email confirmation for my ticket, but the credit card was charged.  Phone wait time is crazy. Is there a chat? 
I would appreciate that.  Thank you. 
they arrived Late Flight but pilots got us to DIA on time. #impressive #outstanding #greatservice #allgood 
yep. 99.99999999% certain it was on that flight. 
 thanks for adding passbook ability! Hopefully we can do group passbook tickets in the future somehow. 
Just landed in PHL. Row 9 window cover on N366SW could use some LUV. http://t.co/WQZZtIemX0 
i just recieved an email from your memphis station hopefully they have my bag. 
My bags are on the way to Chicago, without me! Help! I was confirmed for 2 flights and told there isn't room and I'm screwed. 
it eventually arrived. just seemed really slow. :) 
when can we expect customer service in Dallas to be available 
Hello remaining credits on your account will be refunded back to your credit card, when you choose a lower price flight? 
Awesome. Thanks! You guys rock! 
need assistance getting an extension on a flight that has expired. 
it's not disappointment, it's a blatant disregard for your business select customers, it's becoming a problem that's pushing 
a companion pass flyer to other airlines because it's being abused @ every airport... 
easy fix, let the business select actually board 1st, then board the pre-boards... 
nice touch on the passbook integration! 
Thanks, Lindsey. Any idea when I'll get there?! Stuck in Denver and told to "listen to the intercom better". 
 how many others didn't know you are stopping non stop flights to ATL and from to Hartford Ct as of April ? 
Thanks. I did go through these motions shortly after my flight yesterday. I wonder how quickly flight attendants are notified. 
I regret not flying you this morning @VirginAmerica doesn't support business travelers. #neverflyvirginforbusiness 
My bag was not shown LUV did not make it to PHL with me. 
That does sound hopeful. It's a very thin device so I just hope the right person found it in time. 
Thanks for the quick reply!  I travel a lot...but not that much, lol. 
understand the weather, these kids need to get home! Nice kids doing volunteer work from a RI high school, please help 
When will the flight resume? I don's see it in the open schedule. :/ 
Got help from a nice lady on the phone in Georgia.  Thank you! 
delayed twice now Cancelled Flighted...sent complaint email, yet no response.  Need an explanation pls. #notsatisfied #smh #unhappy 
why so expensive to go to Vegas with stops in Late Flight June as I can get non stop for same on competition 
Completely understand Act of God weather-reLate Flightd Cancelled Flightlation, but 4 days without reimbursement of any kind is #unacceptable 
yeah they're somewhere. Hopefully getting them back today. Just frustrated tweeting. 
 your checkin is lame for business. Really last seat? I have broad shoulders haha 
another great trip! LAX 823 - LAS 3075-  BNA. Thanks so much!!! 
Sorry to bother you, but I've been on hold for more than 2 hours and 30 minutes. Should I continue holding? Or call back? 
this is not a fair set up. I payed for a full seat. I should get access to a full seat. http://t.co/SbA0ARicyq 
A+ to the Safety Dos and Don'ts Announcer. Flight 651 from Midway (MDW) to Pittsburgh (PIT)! 
@HDsportsguy yes I did. I hope for an update soon, need those clothes for a meeting tomorrow. 
my ticket was booked 1/27 to CUN. Does the arrival time reflect that CUN is now on EST time? 
love the passbook update. Used it the day after it was released. Finally!! Thank you! 
hooking us up and getting us to Tampa after our flight was Cancelled Flightled this morning #grateful #businesstrip 
could you please tell me if there is a way to add a RR# to a flight that already took place? 
pretty terrible customer service. Sat on hold 10 min. Then a busy signal. Then disconnected. Do all airlines have to suck? 
if only you could control the weather in Las Vegas 😉 
I'll stick with flying for free any where that Southwest goes; my son works for this wonderful company and Moms fly free. 
Thanks, you guys are the best 
 Your Terry is our hero.  Got my husband back thru security to retrieve his cellphone in Austin. Terry (#85832) You Rock! 
Your Terry is our hero! Got my husband back thru security to retrieve cellphone left on plane in Austin. Terry #85832 U Rock! 
weren't too "sincere" when you Cancelled Flighted my flight and made me drive 17 hours to get home.. 
Just wanted 2 change an anytime flight leaving at 11:50 @ 11:00. Phone hold 4 46mins. Phone answers, she says sorry - no dice. 
 Your Terry is our hero! Got my husband back thru security to retrieve cellphone left on plane in Austin. Terry #85832 U Rock! 
I can. Doesn't it seem fair that if our bags need to fit under our seats, we should need to fit in them? 
done. Sorry, I thought I was already. 
how long do we have to be delayed after boarding before we get a free drink? #gettingthirsty 
I appreciate the response, but the constant changing of the flight time is frustrating to say the least. #toughtomakeplans 
@fox8news Serious potential for a wanna get away commercial out of this debacle.  But for real, you should fire @Kristi_Capel 
just got a call apologizing personally for the long waits last week trying to rebook flights. Class act. I appreciate that! 
will continue to be my airline of choice. @united -most frustrating travel day I've experienced. 5 delays and 4 gate changes?! 
, please explain to me why every other flight to Dallas is going out today except the 6:35 pm????? 
is this a sick joke? #toyingwithouremotions 
but when do I get my gin &amp; tonic !?!? 
Awesome staff at the  check in desk! They had a paper airplane race for a SW gift card to keep ppl entertained during delays 
thanks!! 
why do you let one person board with early bird and save seats for entire party? #notcool #flight2149 
Just go ahead and start the scavenger hunt after 5 pm today when work is over ;) #DestinationDragons 
continues to prove to be the best airlines 💪 
Feeling very frustrated that I bought WIFI onboard and can't load an email. 
Thanks for getting us to paradise safely! http://t.co/KDzQcZlpyR 
watching planes do their thing https://t.co/iItoJhUIKH 
hi guys, do you have a general enquires email address please? Thanks David. 
 Northern California coast http://t.co/nm4VNNF8Kb 
 Poor customer service displayed over the weekend during the storm. I was stuck on the tarmac for 2.5 hours with no answer! 
#netneutrality Nice to see you prioritize Internet traffic to your own streaming service over other web sites! 
best airline 👌 
Is it possible to add companion to only the 2nd leg of a trip? 
10+ people pre boarded
Only 1 needed a wheel chair off the plane... Was NOT the case boarding 
how do get priority seating after you already paid for the flight 
 I sent a email to customer relations and I will be calling tomorrow. 
is it possible to add travel arranged by my employer to my upcoming travel? I can retrieve a reservation, but that's it. 
LUV! your new Luv Television Commercials. Traveled on your airline last year return trip from NYC...#feltthelove 
grrrrrr I need a flight there first! Maybe for my bday next month... 
really easy for locals to get down to the strip. book. 
right? We're delayed so I'm crabby. :) Also why do you allow one family member to purchase EarlyBird check in and hold rows? 
Your crew on 3138 is doing a great job of keeping everyone informed during the delays #givethemraises 
#Vegas I was there 5 days ago. Miss the  Warm Weather 
that was supposed to say "boo" not book. booo. 
Dang, if only practice was an hour Late Flightr today... 
how about #destinationdragon tix for tonite for the inconvenience since I am not there to play scavenger hunt? 
Love Southwest. You guys have been good to me! http://t.co/X4tDY84dBH 
Can a pair of tickets waiting for me after my sports practice? I live here and definitely know where that is! @Imaginedragons 
Congrats to these fans who are seeing #DestinationDragons in L.A.! SLC, you're next! http://t.co/YcCITaeP3S” Thanks again SW 
looks like Bellagio to me! Good luck people! See you at the show at Vinyl 
are 5 people there? 
like kelsey said, really bad spot for locals. Do you know how long it takes to find parking then walking over to the bellagio? 
still there? I was posted up in Downtown waiting for y'all. On my way! 
sent. looking for that functionality in your app, though. should be a one click action. 
3 hours and 80 degree difference. Yes please!!  MHT TO MCO @sadie4406 http://t.co/MRAW3qDw4D 
Any idea why TSA Pre-Check isn't showing for my next flight tomorrow? The number is in my profile... 
What can we do to bring you back to Jackson, MS?! We miss you terribly around here. These other airlines are horrible!! 
ruined my Sunday. 3+ hours of delays out of DIA, now my bags are at the wrong airport. $35 to deliver them? Insult to injury. 
Why do you have to be 18 😭 
do these scavenger hunt  locations have anything in common because I'm playing detective trying to figure out the one for ATL. 
is new #MKT strategy to be average like all the rest? #whathappend? RR Points Devalued- AGAIN -http://t.co/mDbDYomrs7 
thank you! 
How many tickets are left? 
telling my Fam in Vegas now. :) 
no fare giving out clues.  In route now. 
The problem is apologies don't help. Results matter and it's proving impossible to find anyone who is interested in that. 
got to the strip that fast before. Stoked for special @Imaginedragons show tonight! Thx again @SouthwestAir! http://t.co/ToPqmVqnJp 
thinks that a $100 voucher makes up for spending 4 hrs on a plane and landing at the same airport we took off from. Really? 
it's not fun having a delay from Nashville to Las Vegas, but the crew at the gate C9 desk has been AWESOME! #patience #luvswa 
Big kudos to your staff today at Dallas Love Field for lifting everyone's spirits today with all the delays and Cancelled Flightlations 
Travel agent Darrel here at Love Field hosting a paper airplane contest to entertain all the children was so awesome to see! 
prove it 
u were bae until u lost both of my bags and had no clue where they were or what happened to them for 36 hours :/ 
seeing your workers time in and time out going above and beyond is why I love flying with you guys. Thank you! 
prove it, Cuz the southwest people here don't even know why it's behind schedule. 
New marketing song? https://t.co/F2LFULCbQ7 let us know what you think? http://t.co/iQnVyFPg4P 
#magazine feature: Desk Plants Increase Productivity by 15%. #LuvSWA #healthbenefitsofplants #gardening http://t.co/BVfAxDUBAQ 
any deals to orlando in April/may?? 
briughy me to @ComClassic, #AIF2015 &amp; so much more with the #agcommunity 
I knew I was correct! http://t.co/9eueYxAwcv 
thanks for the quick response. Should I call daily it wait the 5 days. 
honesty should always be the policy 
opened online applications for Fall 2015 intern positions throughout the company.  Apply via https://t.co/GmL7ot3IMH 
my question is this: what's up with the crazy boarding procedure? Does the confusion prevent fistfights over the good seats? 
thank you. Great customer service so far. Accidents happen I understand. Hopefully everything works out. 
I enjoyed a call from my good friend he's Flight Booking Problems his flights elsewhere as I tweet one at a time I will tell as many as I can 
been all up and down the area where the pic was taken and don't see any albums. 
2/22-MDW 2 SAN flt 1687 attendant Melissa was awesome! Fast, smiling, great. After weather Cancelled Flight day b4, it was welcome 
stop Cancelled Flighting my flight I have US history tests to take and chemistry things to learn do you not understand!!!!!!!!! 
can tweet through the weekend/ bad weather, but closes down customer relations center to process refunds for Cancelled Flighted flights. 
hasn't evennotified us that theflight isdelayed via email/text/phone call.If we wererunning Late Flight I would be pissed #unreliable 
Could you maybe hook (@FuyukaiDesuYo ) with some imagine dragon tickets tonight! SHES a HUGEEEEE FAN &amp; would really love to go 
eyes next steps for improving #inflight #Wifi - Runway Girl http://t.co/h46HT1Oz40 
Flight 1700. (PHX TO LAX) Wheels stop.  Glad to be home!  Thanks to the professionals both up front and in the cabin!!! 
Thank you Thank you Thank you!!! My last attempt to win #DestinationDragons tickets was a success! I could not be happier!! :) 
oh no worries. Just have never seen that before until today. I mean…it is a great card 😀 
 Just left there  Friday! 
can you tell me if flight 805 from MDW-FLL tomorrow (2/24) is at full capacity?  i'm hoping for a little bit of extra room! 😊 
any word when the customer relations department will open back up? 
I have a few questions about flying with my Maltese puppy. Can you DM me? 
wifi is so slow! What is the point having one if can't get on the Internet?! Ugh... 
oh, ok!  all good!  looking forward to escaping the cold for a bit!  thanks! 
NOW you love me? After taking my money and only taking me halfway home. Sorry. Too Late Flight 
thank you :) 
It's all good. Thanks! 
@TaylorLumsden Taylor.  U gotta love SWA responsiveness at the@very least huh? 
hope your flyers get a credit of some sort for all the delays and Cancelled Flightlations #shittydeal #notimpressed 
you Cancelled Flightled my flight and now I am in the back of the queue and you want to charge me 200  for business class? Stay classy 
: This is the second time in a row I haven't received text updates about flight time change. Don't offer if you won't use it 
would someone please DM me the customer relations number. The website has only customer service. 
following. Thank you. 
I am genuinely surprised you all don't upgrade people when you Cancelled Flight their flights or at least put them in a comparable spot 
your flight attendants are really funny!! The sass is giving me life!!! 😂 
Should be a way to give voice to customers who pay for services that are not satisfactorily delivered. #justsayin 
is my favorite airlines. I've never had issues with them. Plus there crew is entertaining. 
No monkey business we luv SWA!! #mdw2mci #homeandreadyfornexttrip http://t.co/2xJvUn66ZZ 
Looks like brooding skies out of ONT this evening. http://t.co/X9BLwgWA68 
when I called I was told my bag had made it to PHL, but still has not been delivered or any call from the delivery service 
beyond ready 
is the vinyl part of the prize too? 
thanks for the great customer service today! 👍👌 
happy to enter your sweepstakes again #nutsaboutsouthwest 
@Imaginedragons I tried. 😔 It's okay 
how much is ur wifi fam 
thankyou :))❤️ 
crew on flight 206 is awesome! Tell them I sent this tweet and maybe they will give me free wifi... #canthurtasking 
Kudos to bag handler at DTW gate 21 at 7:10 pm. Ran to keep bags from hitting ground in 9 degree temp! http://t.co/5tXU5tSFkJ 
Katie, Gate C47, Denver International, fantastic customer service helping me and 2 new flyers; thx for amazing staff! 
will do - if you follow back I can DM that info 
very disappointed in your customer service right now. definitely not feeling the luv. what's worse, 2nd time this winter. 
if I am enrolled in the ATL companion pass offer and booked 3 flights already before May 17 when can I start using the pass? 
you in ATL! “@SouthwestAir: Congrats to our #DestinationDragons winners! Ready, Atlanta? http://t.co/AY1GIdcfa4 http://t.co/yC7V2s0iOd” 
/I really love your customer service Lou Ann in Phx rocks. Thanks SW. #be Ourguest 
Thanks for two smooth, safe and fast flights! #Boston #Houston #LUVSWA http://t.co/elhxUV0Uj1 
thanks! 
great day in the air. http://t.co/YNc2ZUt4zz 
disappointed in the 'service' I've received. Checked in online, checked my my flight status online, CHECKED IN AT THE AIRPORT 
Twitter cust svc rule 1 Dont say IF we fell short. I just told u u did! #2 If u cant solve problem don't say anything at all! 
here is my conf #F8NEQM. My flight was delayed for 3 hours while my friend waited for me on her bday. Please follow up. 
has become like every other airline #crooked I can't believe they are taking over $500 #shouldwearmasks #shocked 
in flight wifi + @TMobile wifi calling makes for the best combination. Who doesn't love texting 40,000 feet in the air :D 
Do you know the reason flight #336 from Dallas to Midland was diverted to Lubbock? Was suppose to be direct to Midland. 
your welcome. It was the thoughts of nearly the entire plane. 
reference #: 261093929756 
won't let me send a DM because they don't follow me.. #lovedflyingwiththem #notanymore #wrong #badpolicy 
What an awesome flight Dallas 2 NY. Virgin America refused bc of my child's peanut allergy but u guys didn't. Thanks! 👍😊 
should offer cdn border towns incentive to fly since exchange rates are #hurt. #customerappreciation #gaincustomers #keepem2 
The Fact That U See Black History Month 12 Months A Year Is Honorable! We WILL BE An Economic Base For Corp. Like U In Future! 
👏👏👏 on that Late Flightst ad. Makes me happy to be flying you in a few days. #BETHonors 
we can let #bags flutter because we charge travelers that had to change dates #fullprice and we don't let them travel 
had a great flight to and from Cabo last week with my family #smoothflight #frequentflyer 
Please lower my plane flight by like $100 bucks!! Thanks~ #FloridaVacation 
making me miss #TheBachelor right now #wah 
When will your phone agents be able to give the correct departure times for CUN? When can we checkin online for international? 
forget wedding fairs. How about discounts for nonprofits? We donate part of our worth every single day 
wifi stays connected about the lifetime of a higgs boson 
you should have assigned seating, because now my cousin &amp; I probably can't sit together on our flight tomorrow.. Thanks. 
way to fuck up and lose @c_istudios bags. My husband has no warm clothes and no equipment. #youdidit #notcool 
you need to redeem yourself. I lost respect for you tonight #lostbags #filmjobnoequipment 
I love this airline so much! Thanks so much! The service is great! The snacks are amazing! Everything is outstanding thanks!! 
Looking forward to flying once again with #SWA on Friday! The #LUV airline. #DTW #MDW #TUS 
hey remember that time you lost my husbands bags? I do. 

#filmjobnoequipment 
#nowarmclothes 
Hello SWA, Who is your POC for partnerships with nonprofit organizations in BWI area? 
cool shot of the moon and one of your fleet http://t.co/kl9BAiMES6 
quick question - i bought wifi for my phone, do I have to buy it again on my tablet? I have 9 hours left on my trip 
darn! I bought it on the wrong device! No way to switch I'm sure? 
it's a new day and a new chance for you to do the right thing it's never too Late Flight to be honest. 
up at 4AM and arrive to find it already Cancelled Flighted. No options so miss my meeting. You might "know" but don't show it. 
After multiple attempts, I was finally able to submit them Late Flight last night. 
customer service at FLL, BWI,and PIT have been terrible.no one knows where his bags are.his is on a job with no clothes &amp; gear 
I would like to ask that his bags be picked up at PIT &amp; taken to his hotel by the airport. Will someone contact me 
loving the new planes and the lighting, only wish windows were larger. http://t.co/h44uJ63CJG 
three hour flight to Orlando and no wifi? Uncool. #firstworldproblems 
customer service you shouldn't use those words wasted my time and took my money #BadBussiness #Theft http://t.co/63zaQ2lt8f 
it's just the principle - it's hard to get mugged &amp; not be upset you took my money &amp; didn't give me anything #wrongiswrong 
give us some more clever advertising about #bagsflyfree is that because #badpolicy allows you to #cheatcustomers 
i have asked Lindsey to call me instead of DM like a schoolgirl but so far no call   Getting tired of typing little notes 
can anyone help me upgrade to buisness select !? Cant seem to get hail of the right area at all .. I know you guys are good 
I was not the one traveling. I was asking for my sister who was waiting on my nephew in Midland...flight eventually landed 
I luv y'all but please stop overheating your planes. Second flight in a row that feels like a sauna. 
when and why was flight 4471 from MSP Cancelled Flighted this AM? 
- We left iPad in a seat pocket.  Filed lost item report. Received it exactly 1 week Late Flightr.  Is that a record?  #unbelievable 
the flight isn't that empty.... Is this rude or not? http://t.co/4RL0p5JChB 
weather where? And at what time Cancelled Flighted? No I can't because meeting was today. 
no need, I know the status, you Cancelled Flightled instead of delaying the flight. 
how do you know? @SouthwestAir 
my bday was yesterday and my girl gave birth to my first born and I couldn't get a courtesy flight change from Lynn... THANKS! 
can you tell me why you Cancelled Flightled the flight vs delay 
Any ETD for SWA1004 from PHL? Appears delayed but no info available at gate. 
sent 
I urgently need two receipts sent but CS is closed. Can you help? 
I "heart" Southwest but those commercials aimed to satisfy a nano-smattering of travelers to few destinations. 
bumped me to preboard on both flights (because I'm fat?) Whatever the reason, thanks! 
Thanks to your team for dealing with Flight 1700 to Houston. 
  I hate evolved seating. knees in the seat pocket http://t.co/forNpF69Ky 
Thank you for the tip! 
why is customer relations still not open....in Texas?! 
would be great if I atleast was next to my husband who is flying in the same reservation 
Wife's RR pts expired a few days ago, were planning on Flight Booking Problems trip today. Anything you can do for us? On a tight budget... 
...was only less than 3500pts, but it helped. Had PartnerRewards incoming, but not fast enough to keep pts from expiring. 
25 year customer but I am 6 3 and those lost 2 or 3 inches really hurt  every time the person in front shifts he raps my knees 
I called the 800 # and the rep there was pleasant but less than helpful! Told me I was SOL. Train them for consistent #CX! 
Thanks for the text, but not exactly timely 8). Data throughout issues today maybe? http://t.co/aaU9MKA6Zy 
#stepup #makeitright re you best? Or just money hungry? #wewillsee 
why was Southwest only airline to Cancelled Flight all flights from Charleston? Was 7:50pm flight Cancelled Flightation really weather reLate Flightd? 
has the smoooothest flight attendants. #SouthwestSmoothie http://t.co/Vr9k180LaI 
Thank you for taking good care of people with ALS! http://t.co/m1yyWAFkFI @KevinSwan_ @ALSTDI @A_Life_Story_ 
@PHLAirport Will Flight 2155 that arrives at E11 be a penguin plane? 
thanks to Ella-Mae at LAS counter for going above and beyond to help us get back to ABQ after our flight was Cancelled Flightled! 
is the best airline hands down. Amazing customer service, bags free and affordable flights. #happycamper 
An Oscar-worthy entrance into LA. http://t.co/10tmtHVFDC 
Tried for VIP Live in The Vineyard but yr site went down, by the time I got in 2 redeem pts those packages gone. 
Why, when I booked via phone after calling the A List preferred #, didn't my KTA get added to the ticket??? Must I use web? 
Switching planes due to mechanical problems.  How does reboarding work? Was A49, now at end of long line.  Stuck in middle? 
is there a resource to check delays/Cancelled Flightlations out of Love Field? Flying out tomorrow am and stressed about weather! ❄️ 
@intuit @jhamilton2007 4 moms, 4 careers, 1 day trip to LA. #intuitlife #leanin http://t.co/2qJbCv5jzq" #southwestairlines 
Is there a way to receive a refund on a trip that was Cancelled Flight online instead of calling? Your phone lines are super busy. 
ok thank you  i hope  so too 
#VIPLiveintheVieyard - first time we tried to redeem pts for *anything*, it really did not go well. #disappointed 
is America's largest airline by passengers carried! Wonder if this is b/c they have a 'Customer Service Bible' #ANAmarketers 
I have used you guys for most my travels, but this last experience I will never use southwest again! #worstcustomerservice 
Customer Centricity is knowing people #ANAMarketers 
traditionally used sledge hammer - low $ taking share from driving | now scalpel approach through data science  #ANAmarketers 
Thank you! 
NOR @SpiritAirlines fly to Toronto?!?!? You're killing me smalls....... 
Adding RR number to a @Marriott stay is too hard. Won't take RR number at checkin/out and Marriott phone CS not helpful. 
Why can we no longer change trips with a companion online? Been doing it for years, now get message can't be done online? 
hey southwest! Help me find a flight from Nashville - Washington DC or Raleigh for under $150 on March 15 please! 
Airline trouble &amp; not getting satisfactory customer service? contact http://t.co/aQjn4HwNaC  we negotiate resolutions for You! 
INSANE traffic in LA. Trying to call you all to re schedule flight but been on phone for 20 minutes and nothing. 
LA always has traffic, but this is INSANE. I can't be the only one with this issue on flight 1625 
strives to be 'Customer Centric' in everything they do - communications, advertising, customer journey, etc. #ANAmarketers 
Hey, friends. When I phone the A-list number your IVR hangs up on me. Multiple times. Not sure how to proceed? 
Thanks! Sent a DM to you. Let me know if oyu need any additional information. 
flight 1614 FLL to ATL. My wife traveling with infant. Line to check baggage 200 people long due to your computer system crash 
my wife and 9 month old might miss flight and next direct is 210 pm. Mother in law been on hold with customer support for 30 
mins and no answer. My wife and baby need to get on that flight. She arrived 2 hrs prior. Please help. Venetia Crook 
and Carol Thrower are passengers. Fort Lauderdale airport. 
hey I'm flying from Tampa to Denver today and I want to know if there will be tv's in the seats like @JetBlue 
how come I'm not getting my points after I buy from the rapid reward shopping site? 
Supposed to take off almost 2 hours ago....#vacationfail #frozenwater? #gettingimpatient #theycouldatleastofferfreebooze 
I booked a flight on my phone and then never got a confirmation email. How would I go about getting that? 
and thx for not responding 
That was Chantilly, Paris, France. 
 on hold with customer service; you may be quicker.  I rebooked trip for a lower fare.  Where did the difference in $ go? 
frustrating indeed especially when no one knows what the issue is.... 
live in Atlanta but cant enroll in your Atlanta companion promotion. Error every time. Can you help? Also sent email. Thanks! 
unfortunately I don't even have that. My phone died before o had a chance to grab it. It was from OMA to SAN from 3/27-4/2 
can you please make sense of the companion promo? How to we set it up? 
Barzegar charges tourists 700 euros [!] a night for their stay in the tent village he runs. http://t.co/igSVzvrbbN 
unfortunately once the call was answered service was horrid. SWA was the role-model of finger pointing &amp; excuses #DISAPPOINTED 
SWA helps the hotel industry. I always book flights a day before I need to be somewhere as SWA consistent Cancelled Flights/delays. 
your website has now reverted my 1st flight to only a 5-minute delay. But it's changed, so is that reliable information? 
if you're going to charge for wifi, do us all a solid and make sure it doesn't take the length of the flight to open a page 
do you know that your lost baggage portal http://t.co/hUcLXluV5h doesn't work on mobile? It's a 404 http://t.co/O4ZR27Qpcr 
u have a lot of pissed off hungry tired people stuck at midway 4 over 2 hours after scheduled departure. This is inexcusable 
due to an apparent water issue that checked out fine during the checks my husband and I already had to deal with our first 
flight to Atlanta getting Cancelled Flightled and then had to re schedule on the phone for over 1.5 hours with a rep this bumping us 
from groupA to group C. We have never got to sit next to each other on any south west flight not even on our honey moon 
where your airline people screwed up our boarding passes on the way back from puerto Vallarta. This is horrible and we are 
freezing in the plane 
Rapid Rewards program sold me short. #Lasttweetaboutthis but still #disappointed. 
nothing you can do to help us restore some barely-expired #RapidRewards points? 
Thx for your quick response and action! bf will make good use of the voucher #satisfied #happycustomer 
was on flight 2373 from CHI-BUF last night, almost 2 hour delay cuz someone got on the plane without a pass - sounds safe. 1/2 
then had to watch the staff check off each passenger on the list TWICE, because the first time they forgot look at IDs. Brutal 
Any idea when the winter advisory will be posted for ATL for tomorrow (2/25)?? I'd rather get to PHL tonight. 
I think I get a faster response on Twitter than I do when I call...what's up with that? 
done 
Redeem-points packages magically gone by time we finally got through @ 10:01, felt like #baitandswitch 
need to learn how to treat people with respect and just a little dignity. #FAIL 
yes, very much so! I was looking forward to using your airlines for future flights but never again. 
3rd time flying southwest in two years. Have another trip back to mx on October. 
horrible experience, passenger of size was 1/3 in my seat, offered $50 voucher for this by Christine C http://t.co/1xzrK66wVQ 
have to follow me back so that I can DM @SouthwestAir 
I have a 5:30 flight out of Birmingham tomorrow night. Can I reschedule it for an earlier flight because of the expected snow? 
@SMiles1307 over two hours now.  Ugh we should all get vouchers this is inexcusable ESP after a pre flight check that was ok. 
I was told by customer service that only customer relations can extend the expiration date of my unused travel funds. 
thanks for the apology. Unfortunately i have had one too many bad experiences and will no longer be flying with southwest. 
had to let us off the plane bc the toilets done even work! There goes my family vacay to playa del Carmen, Mexico! #neveragain 
Teyana Taylor Performing #MedusaFridays 2.27 Free Till11 http://t.co/qwFMoQ0dQl http://t.co/kbb0B5FxMK #TheMenOfBusiness 
great now we are all de boarding perfectly plane is shot. Fml. Plans are screwed. Thanks for nothing @SouthwestAir 
Yo, I'm trying to make a change to a reservation but whenever I select the flight it says, "Unable to price". Please help! 
My first call got dropped. Waited 15 mins for the second but ran out of time. Will try again Late Flightr. No way to do this online? 
trying to change my reservation, been on hold for 45 minutes, and can't do it online-was directed to call. Help? 
oh and now your company has caused us to lose an entire day of our vacation in Cancun. De Boarded waiting for another plane 
and now our arrival is delayed nearly 5hours. Yeah an entire day in an airport is not my idea of a stress less vacation #fail 
are people in an exit row still supposed to give their verbal approvals? I was never asked on the flight I'm on... 
"Airport snow removal method #22.."
Keep up the good work folks, this is where Cessna's become 747's! http://t.co/7poFSXOjSY 
my flight at BWI is delayed and I will miss my flight in Denver, is there a way to find out if they will hold the plane? 
your phone service sucks 
its flight #218 of that matters to you all. Hell next we all won't get our luggage properly transferred #facepalm #smh 
I agree! RT @9NEWS: One airline is the fly-away favorite at DIA  #9NEWSBusiness http://t.co/o3WlaInImY 
@heavenlychc9 I'd at least enjoy a free cocktail...or two. 
what is the status of the bag check area at FFL? 
tv stream means I get to spend my flight watching 1999 and 2011 Women's World Cup Finals. #throwback #bestflightever 
I'm so upset that my luggage was damaged and the rude employee at the Laguardia airport didn't help! 
went to purchase a flight that I began processing not even 4 minutes earlier and the points had gone up - any help? 
round-trip tickets just arrived for our auction at the Post-Masters Invitational! Thanks Southwest! http://t.co/mRfBjtePef 
Thanks so much! 
 THANK YOU for your awesome flights. Sweetheart got screwed on @FlyFrontier, managed to scramble and get a SW plane today. !!! 
I'm following now 
have u seen any of the messages the past hour ? 
20 minutes on hold waiting is ridiculous...... 
sent! 
 appreciate y'all getting the gate issue figured GRR. Plenty open gates, yet we sit and wait on tarmac 
sure, please follow me so I can do so? 
thx but I'll be expecting a credit for this leg. 
 got my bags 35 hours Late Flightr and an offer of $50 to go pick them up. Taxi costs $65 one way. Spent $200 for the inconvenience. 
 I USED to always fly Southwest. 
they were moved to the 210pm flight #4649. Main concern now is luggage arriving with them. They were told that SW was having 
oh, is it only in Atlanta? 
belt issues. Been a rough day for them. Worst part is traveling with 9 month old and having to wait outside in 85 degree 
weather bc of system outage. Hopefully everything goes smoothly now. Thank you for follow up 
oh look you just delayed our flight an additional half hour now arriving at 6 officially five hours after planned. 😡😡😡😡😤😤😤 
Just DMed you my confirmation number. 
Do you promise to not unfollow me? 😉 
has grounded 2 flights b/c of equipment problems &amp; been rude to my wife, traveling alone w/our 2 young kids.  never again. 
I managed to get sorted out over the phone. Good luck dealing with the snow in Texas! 
she needs a wheelchair at the gate for sure. What options does she have? 
never mind, I moved my flight to tomorrow. Thanks for the help! 
did you know that suicide is the second leading cause of death among teens 10-24 
can you have someone call me back? I have been on hold two times today for over 20 min and still haven't gotten through 
 thanks Southwest for saving our trip. my sweetheart isn't going to miss seeing #AltonBrownLive thanks to y'all! #SOhappy 
Logically you would think you check all that before you have people board. I could've drove home in the time I've been waiting 
can take u to Midway-Chicago March 8th-April 6th. Can't make it then? @AmericanAir can get u to @fly2ohare year round. #FlyPBI 
can y'all develop Ding for a chrome/Firefox browser extension? That would be swell 
I have been on hold for over 28 minutes  please help http://t.co/Fx9BIJlxAt 
can you update me on the emergency landing in Jacksonville right now? #parentsonboard 
thx. Make it right. Help Meagan Fouty Brancato fl#2771 dfw gate 4 preboard w/kids - b4 group A please. Please. 
poor performance all around! Paid for Express checkin weeks ago and can't even leverage it #bullshit 
once again on Glassdoor's Best Places To Work snagging # 15 overall #notsurprising #LUVthem 
Been on hold 34 min so far trying to book seat for my infant. Price increased $42 in meantime. What do I do? 
can you follow me so I can send you the info? 
love them! Always get the best deals! 
thank you so much completely made things right! 
my flight was delayed 4 hrs. I'm 5 months pregnant &amp; supposed to be caring for my mom whose in surgery now. Very upset. 
my wife had been in group A in prev. flight but got bumped for some reason.  Alone with two kids. At least put her in group A 
your agents were the ones who were rude and unhelpful and prompted my initial tweet. This is so easy to fix. 
still no update text #2053 &amp; still no response to email fr1/5/2015 SR #256746438028. Feel like yr losing customer service/care 
Very frustrated for the loooooong wait time to speak to a live person!!! Cannot get boarding pass for flight tomorrow!! 
I'm teaching new #travelers how to research, #budget &amp; #save for a trip today! http://t.co/Qll48r57ep 
Hello - been on hold for extremely long time. Have confirmation # &amp; can't get boarding pass. Have tried numerous times!! 
although I'm not happy you Cancelled Flighted my flight home tomorrow (phx to atl then dca) I am happy on how easy it was to rebook 
still waiting. Just hit one hour. 
